I
Hello
Bum bum bum
People are saying finally, but this isn't really the show. This is the Paris show
This is the show that we do while Linus isn't here because we don't know where Linus is
Actual pre-show, yeah, have we not had a pre-show for a while
Yeah
It's not ideal
So yeah, this is actually the natural pre-show pre-show
We don't know when we'll be live pre-show
Where's the real pre-show this is the real pre-show four months
I don't know if it's been four months since we've had a pre-show. That doesn't sound right
It does sound right
You that is right, I don't know
Yes four months really
I haven't had
Huh, okay
Bees looking better. Yeah, I did nothing to it since last show literally genuinely nothing this is just growth
And it is better. You are right
Perfect welcome Linus to the show
finally here
It was in the n64 inspired screwdrivers. Yes any chance it would fancy the Linus what?
Huh
Also don't spam you post it that twice in a row you just need to post it once
If Linus might make them I thought we I thought we are I thought that's the whole point
Am I missing something
Maybe I miss something
I
Sounds good night. Huck is this 4k. I don't know. Oh wait, I do know it's a live stream. No, it's not
Oops
I was gonna say it depends on what to your subscribe to and then I'm like wait no it doesn't
Got him
Did you read some ridiculous questions from FTC to against Microsoft no
But anytime any tech company or really any company that does anything as far as I can tell
Meets with the government the government just asks extremely out of touch obviously dumb questions. So it's not too surprising
Are you excited for the Elon versus Zuckerberg fight, I don't think it's actually gonna happen. I don't think
Drop your lifts, what are you even talking about? Yeah, I don't think do you think it's gonna happen. I don't think so
Yeah, probably not no
There's no way
Elon would just get freaking pounded dude like it's
I mean with like Zuckerberg's gone insane like he's a yeah
Well, yeah, I know and it's like steel bones and like new actuators are gonna like just go right through Elon
Yeah
Yeah, unless like unless that would be kind of funny if it ended up being like robot versus robot. Oh
Yeah, that would be that would be great
Did you see Andrew sighs video calling Linus out on him and Emily's Mac gaming video no
No
Sorry, I don't even I don't full transparency
I barely even watch our own videos let alone other people's videos on our videos, you know
Like that's that's multiple layers beyond how far how far I go
You know
Dana White spoke with them and thinks they are being serious about the fight
You know, I hope they do it because a couple billionaires taking any amount of brain damage is like probably a good thing
You know, I don't know screw it whatever I'm getting that
I don't care though, I don't want to like pay them. I don't want to buy a pay-per-view ticket
I don't want to pay some billionaires to do stupid stuff
If they like stream it for free, I might watch them incur some amount of brain damage that might be entertaining
Three billionaires just did
I
Real are we allowed are we allowed to joke about that yet? Is that okay? I don't know
I don't know. I'm gonna I'm gonna be unspecific. I'm not gonna I'm not gonna specify what I'm just gonna leave it there
Because I don't know I think that's probably the best plan. Yeah
They should bet their platforms, yeah, I don't think that's gonna happen
One losing social media platform against another
They announced it would be a hundred dollar PPV with donations for charity
I mean, I still have a hard time believing they're even gonna do this dude if they did do that though
I'm still not paying for it. Even if even it's like, oh proceeds go to charity. Yeah, except
Someone's taking a fee somewhere there. That's how life works
So like if it's like UFC is hosting this or whatever. Yeah, well, UFC is gonna get their cut and
Then the extra whatever bit off the top, maybe that goes to charity sure but some but somebody's gonna gonna take from this
So I'm still not giving money to it now
I'm certain there will be highlight clips on YouTube or a bunch of privateer streams on the internet and maybe
Potentially I could enjoy I could enjoy it that way
Luke versus nebula our CEO fight. Okay. Well, I'm pretty sure you're talking about nebula for one and then two
I have no interest in this
Luke versus Theo versus Theo. I don't want to hit Theo. I
Don't want to fight anybody. I
Like to know how and then just not do it. You want to fight these bugs
Get them out of production. Okay. I mean if we can if we can
Starship troopers I'll sign up for that. I'll sign up for the fight against the bugs, you know
But I was sort of that. No, not interested
Linus versus as been called
It's like
Someone who fights for what is it? Oh, man, I'm trying to use 40k references, but I don't know 40k
I was gonna say like a rejected space marine versus a
Plague Lord
He's too short to be a space marine and he's just stinky enough to be a Plague Lord
Growth hormones didn't work
Do you think Linus is aware of the internet comment etiquette challenged him to a match months ago?
No, probably not. I don't think either of us are interested in this at all
Sorry that came through the mic a lot more than I thought it would
So a stunty versus a great unclean one, yeah, there you go
You
Linus Luke and Linus versus Nvidia leadership, I'd fight Jensen there you go
I'll do that. He can wear his leather jacket too. I'll use it
I
Give the proceeds to hardware and boxed
Creators don't need to fight they get enough brain damage reading YouTube comments. Yeah, this is like, I don't know
I I've always thought it's stupid. I I think
Um
I think random people engaging in actual boxing matches is kind of not a good idea
For the same reason so I think slap is a is a terrible idea
This is unnecessary. I don't know how this trend really took off
I guess it was mostly Logan and KSI wasn't it? I think so at least I don't know
But either way, I thought it's like kind of dumb the whole time
Linus and Luke boxing match no
It's not gonna happen
Luke is into leather confirmed. No, I was I was trying to suggest he could wear it so I could use it on him
Use it against him. It's a joke. Come on
Yeah, I'll be fine
Have you heard of ghosts of tabour or tabour or whatever? Yes, I have heard of it
Only Luke today, no, this is just a pre-show so I'm just basically hanging out with you guys because we're you know an hour and a half late or whatever
Um
And I'm trying to give you guys a little bit of extra time even though it is just me
I know people want to see Linus
But I'm trying to give you guys a little bit of extra time because Linus has a heart out today
Because he has a flight to catch
So the stream is going to have a hard cap despite the fact that
Um
We are starting late. So it is going to be a short show today
If I remember correctly
Wait, I probably shouldn't say the time because people on the internet are weird
But yeah, he has to be at the airport at a at a time at a specific time
I appreciate I was actually not fishing for compliments, but I do appreciate
But I was just saying like I'm trying to I'm trying to I'm trying to do something
You know trying to hang out a little bit something. I knew you guys were waiting. Um, I didn't have a ton going on
Either I could like go back to the other building where my desk is and start working or I could just hang out
On a pre-show. So I was like, whatever I'll do that
How much do you lift? It depends on the lift, brother
And probably not as much as you think because my main goal is like injury aversion
Has anything fundamentally changed in the organization since the hack
Um, sort of indirectly I was already brought in to try to do cto stuff before the hack
But had no real time before the hack to actually do any things and nothing really changed
Um, and since then some stuff has changed
Um
I wouldn't say that we are currently at a point of resilience that I am proud of
But we are on the path to eventually get there, which is good
This line is going to call in
From the head camp thing. I don't really know what you're talking about. Sorry
Oh, I'm losing stuff
If you're both out, will you both call in with the face call robot?
I feel like I missed an episode or something. I'm not sure what you guys are talking about
Um, but if you if you if you watch the taiwan show, um, you'll know how it works if we're both out
I guess it's if we're both out in the same location
I don't really know how it would work if we were both out in different locations. We'll figure it out though
Was there any float plane news that came out of copy text? Um, not particularly. I was mostly just
Meeting with creators and informing them that they can use float plane in a variety of ways
A lot of creators aren't super aware of the creator sub channels feature. So I was making sure they knew
You ever fix your washer only getting hot water figured out, uh, no
So I somehow packed everything except for shirts when I went to taiwan. I had to buy shirts while I was in taiwan
Um, and then I brought them back and I put them in the washer and now they are all too small
So that sucks they were fine when I was there
but yeah
What are we doing float plane merch? I don't know
I don't remember. There's like there's something blocking it, but I don't remember what it is
Why do you keep saying we had?
We had what is that? Do you know what that is? Oh, yeah, what is that?
Um, it was a short circuit that linus did recently
Um, I had to fix it because it was broken. It's basically four samsung phones duct taped to a 3d printed head with actuators on it
Cool and uh, you can do a remote call and like look around and have it to a conversation
So in future when we do remote stuff, I think I'm just gonna plop it on the desk
That sounds horrible. It's uh, it's pretty horrific. You should watch the white plastic. Yeah
Okay, someone tweeted me a picture today of like my face on this weird thing. That's the we head. Yes
And I was like, what is this? How am I supposed to know what this is? Okay, that makes sense
Basically, you see that head sitting across from you. It would be like that
That would be the way on samsung phones. Yeah
And your face on it and you could look around the room and like
You could have it sitting in front of your laptop and like read the the laptop and then look up and over to linus and
That sounds really expensive and also bad. What were they like? They're like
three grand or something
So got four samsung phones in it. I'm just gonna exactly what I just said. It sounds really expensive and bad
It's uh, it's also horrifying
I
See
What are flowplanes plans for fast? I mean it's parked right now. Um, but
ideally eventually we would be able to
Hand people a package that is effectively float plane, but
um
able to be
Set up for anyone
so like
Say short circuit was a different company like we had no idea who they were we'd never worked with them
We didn't know anyone that was there and short circuit was like, hey, we like float plane
But we don't want to be on float plane.com slash short circuit. We want to be on short circuit.com
But we want all the float plane
Stuff
And we'd be like, okay
Well, it's gonna cost you more than if you were just on float plane because it's more complicated and more difficult and yada yada yada
But we can do that for you. That's that's the idea behind fast. Um, but again, it's parked right now
So maybe we'll do it someday. Maybe we won't who knows
We're also pushing a lot of float plane notifications right now
Either somebody's uploading a whole bunch of videos
Or
Considering none of my people are in full plane chat freaking out. It's probably fine. Yeah, it just looks like there are a lot of bunch of videos
Why I don't know
Um, all right. Well, have you approved the behind the scenes for wancho yet? Yeah, like three times
Okay
When is it gonna be posted? I don't know should message, uh
Social about that. I guess monday, maybe
Oh riley was uploading
All good. Thank you riley
Does that mean i'm not doing it after the show, you know, I have uh, I have your chat open. What's wrong with me?
I
Use an iphone no
I didn't see you in any compi-text videos. What were you doing there float plane stuff?
I wouldn't you just do what you guys did back during covid although
I suppose a best boy dan wasn't a factor back then. Um, yeah
I know we'd try to do something a little bit better, but it would probably be similar
You need to need to cold wash. Yeah, it was on very cold
Water was on the I think it's called very very cold or whatever
It's the bottom setting for water
It was on that and then it still shrank and it didn't shrank
When I washed them in taiwan because I was there for two weeks and I bought like one week worth of shirts
Um, actually I had this shirt because this is a shirt that I wore to taiwan
So I had this shirt and then no other shirts. So I bought one week minus one worth of shirts
So one week in I went and washed all of them and they were all fine
None of them shrank at all and then I came home put on the lowest possible temperature setting and every single one of them
shrank
It's awesome
What's your favorite thing I kind of be ducks, um, just hanging out with creators. Yeah
Watch the video quick now
Do a live everyone wants me to do a live reaction. I don't know about that
Anyone sign up for flow plane or is there a sub reach minimum? Uh, there's kind of like a sub reach minimum
Yeah, it's just it doesn't make sense for either side at a certain size. It's not really sub
amount
We we kind of make an assessment because like there's some people
um
Are their numbers public hold on
Yeah, so like if you look at level one text if you look at the fact that they have a patreon
You see the amount of people that are subscribed to their patreon
And then he realized that they also have a float plane so they have two external subscription platforms
Sorry, I'm very backed up
Um, or that's the wrong
I
Want a flam
Yeah, if you look at the amount of subscribers level one text has on patreon and then also look that they have
852 on float plane as well and then look at the amount of
Views and subscribers that they have on youtube their ratios are amazing like they they pull a fantastic
fantastic percentage of
Of their users into into paid subscribers that is very uncommon amounts of conversion
And that's because they have like a super dedicated very
enthusiast slash
professional
user base
Not a super like casual user base or fan base. Whatever you want to call it
So they they have very high conversion. There's also some other groups. There's one group that i'm talking to right now
Um
That have very low like subscribers and stuff online because that's not even their target
They are how do I describe this without saying who it is?
Um
They have a facility in real life
and they train
At that facility i'm just gonna say train they train at that facility and they also do online training
And they have some free stuff on their youtube channel, whatever, but their main thing is like paid training
Um, so they want to create kind of a middle
They see right now that they have
Three tiers
They have the high tier which is like in-person training
Then they have
The medium tier which is online courses like dedicated courses training and they have the free tier
Which is their youtube channel they want another one which is kind of like in the middle, which is
Uh subscription access to some more premium videos, but it's not one-on-one training online
It's not it's not direct training in person
So it's like, okay cool
We can work with with them because this is like a business that is trying to execute a business plan
Based around a paying pre-existing subscriber base stuff like that
So like that's that's interesting if if you're a content creator
And you're a fairly like normal type of content creator not like hyper hyper professional and enthusiast level viewers like level one techs
Somewhere in the middle
There's kind of an amount that you should be at before you join flow plane
This also means there is kind of an amount that you should be at before you join patreon
They just let anyone join, but it's not good for you
And it's not good for patreon
So we try to kind of guiding light people a little bit more instead of just letting everyone join
We kind of go like you should invest more of your time growing this pre-existing thing first
Because if you join us you're going to spend a bunch of time working on flow plane as well
But due to tiny percentage audience conversion all this other type of stuff
It's like it's going to be a waste of your time
So you should not do this basically
Is the titanic sub a topic today? I think I voted for it to not be oh
I put it in rapid rapid fire because I want to talk about like the controller, but that's it. I don't want to talk about anything else
I don't think there's any value in us talking about anything else
Who's your favorite flow plane creator they're all my favorite flow plane creators
all of them
Any plans any float plane plans or ltx everyone
Is coming out except for one person two people
Most most people are coming out
Well, I've got a merge message here for you luke
All that float plane chat sound when someone at you doesn't work. I don't think
I don't think we have a sound for that. Is that a twitch feature that you're assuming we have or something
I don't know what that is
What's up
Merge message for you. Hmm any interest in using float plane to stream business content
I currently pay a fortune for what I consider low usage training videos for my business
So staff don't get commercials
Hmm
So we can do that um
I'm just trying to figure because you're talking these are so these are I can't have a back and forth with this person
um
You
Message support at full plane.com. Maybe it depends on like the scale and stuff
But yeah
Message them with how many employees you have because these are message them answering is this
Internal only so only employees should be able to see this
Uh, because right now all creators on full plane are subscribers by standard users
um
And then if this is internal only
How many use how many people would be viewing it? And then uh, if you're okay with sharing this information
what is your current contract price with the company that you're using to stream your stuff because
Um, the reason why I'm asking you to include that last part is because if these should be private only
then
Uh, we're gonna have to do some amount of custom work because if it's if it's not private only you don't care
If someone else happened to subscribe to it
We can just add use of hope and greater and who cares
Uh, but if it has to be private then we'd have to have you as like an unlisted creator
So other people can't find it and things get like a little weird and stuff and like it's still it's still fine
But it's much more hands-on so we'd have to come up with some custom pricing
And uh, if if we can't beat what you're already paying, there's no point in us pursuing the conversation. So yeah, I don't know
I understand that last ask is like a little annoying. Um, and sounds like it could be easily abused and it could
That's not my goal though. I'm just trying to make sure neither of us waste our time
I
Just giving through chat really quick
Bird update birds are doing good. Um, it seems like the demighting has worked. It's been a few weeks since then a month
I think it's been a month since then
Yeah, they seem to be doing good. They're annoyed right now because I left the house today and they're like
Uh, but that's normal
But yeah, they're doing good other than that. They're not they're not itching as much
We before we realized it was mites. We just thought they were molting
um
Because they were shitting a lot of feathers
But it turned out they were shitting feathers because they were losing weight because they were not doing well because the mites
Not great, but they're doing well now
You
I think your mic is picking up some background noise. Yeah, it's loud in here. I don't know what else to say
They're just like is background noise. There's a lot of buzzing
What is that buzzing by the way?
That's the transformer for this room. Makes sense. Uh, after we moved out logistics, it's very noisy in here
Yeah, I'd like to sonopan the ceiling which I think would fix a lot of the issues
But
When is that going to happen, you know?
It's uh less noticeable when Linus is screaming for four hours straight
You
So if I'm starting out can I not join full plane, correct?
Sorry if that's annoying it's just
It's not worth it on either side. It doesn't make any sense if you're just starting out you need to be
laser focused on audience growth and like nothing else
And joining float plane is not audience growth. It just isn't
And if you join float plane while you have one youtube subscriber
It's just
What was the point even if you join float plane when you have
10 000 youtube subscribers if you're getting 0.01 conversion or something. I don't know
I don't even remember what the conversion numbers are
Um, I actually used to use patreon's calculator on their website
Because it was basically the same for us because it's like it's a very similar thing, right?
Um, but I don't remember what percentage they talk about. Um
But whatever the conversion is even at 10 000 subscribers, it's still really bad
You you need like a a solid amount of people
Think about it, right? Because like if you look at the line of sectives channel
Like we have a ton of float plane subscribers. It's a lot of money. It does this does really well for us, right?
We have 41 282 subscribers on float plane. That's sweet. The main channel has like
Is it like almost 16 million? Yeah. Yeah, so like
Whoa, right like not that many people are gonna go off of a free platform and pay for a paid platform
Even when if you look at the line of media group channel, there's all these like
Really pretty sweet float plane exclusives are like almost 300 of them or something
Like there's a lot of like really sick content you can get in addition
And still the conversion rate is that low
It's just gonna be really low
And if you're making
$4 a month off of float plane
Like why why did you even spend the time to put the banner on the website?
You should be spending that time growing your audience doing everything you can to grow your audience
Did you see the stream this week? No, I was working actually no that was yesterday. I had the day off because of
Reasons I'm not going to go over
Are the birds gonna be at LTX? No, definitely not
I'd love to see pictures of your birds
I think we're doing a
sticker pack
I think a sticker pack. I think they're gonna be included in a sticker pack
Have you replaced your desk chair yet? No, unfortunately not. I haven't had the time when I got back
I was still kind of unwell for a little while
And then some some pretty serious
personal life things happened with
someone in my family
and then
That's still going on. I've had like no time for anything
Have you taken precautions for them for fire season? Very possible very bad air. Yes lots actually we have some like very serious
Like medical grade HEPA filters. We have multiple of them that
control all the hair hair
sort of
That control all the air in my apartment
Any update on the possibility of bringing back scrapper doors? No, I haven't heard anything new
Did you read the Microsoft paper about Orca? I think I heard it came out but have not read it
Switch chairs with line. Oh, they are different
That'd be pretty funny, but no I'm good
We have a meet the birds float plate inclusive there is
I think I think it's actually been fairly recently locked down so you can't find it anymore
But there is a video on float plane of my my first bird to keto
That I used as like an upload test one time and some user found a way to find it
I think it's been hidden since then though. It's still technically there like I can go to it, but I think it's been access controlled
I
As long as this mic active probably yep
I think so I think people are figuring that might be where the background noise is coming from
Did you also go to the arcade and mini golf? No, I was still
It was kind of unlikely, but I was still potentially contagious at that time. So I did not go
What water bottle should I get 64 ounce? I think you answered your own thing
I love the big one. I have a 64 ounce at home and I have a 64 ounce at work
And then I have this one on the show
And yeah, that's my use
I'm just gonna mute Linus's mic. Could you tap it a couple times for me, please?
Harder okay, that's good. Thank you
Was I reading? Oh, well I appear in upcoming videos. Yeah, I was in something recently that was weird
It was very unplanned and my involvement was honestly like not great
Just be being transparent here. It was um
You'll have to wait and see because I don't know if I can say what it was to be honest. Yeah
It was something
Uh, yeah, I just kind of like sat there and reacted to things while Linus did stuff
Uh, the whole time I was sitting there. I was like this is
My involvement here is not good
But uh, hopefully hopefully the audience doesn't pick up on that too much
If I was new to the market
But wanted to do a float plane account
And a short youtube account
But make my main videos float plane only by not be allowed to be a float plane member
Uh, correct because that's a
That's a bad idea
Um
Just do the shorts
And grow an audience
But then once you have a good audience then sure sounds good, but you gotta you gotta grow that audience first
Anything from the nintendo direct peaker fancy. I honestly did not watch it
I did not I did not watch it. I've been very focused. So starfield
Oh boy
The excitement train on that one is fast
Long and made of extremely dense metals. Um, if you get my reference there, um
And also final fantasy 16
I'm not usually like that into final fantasy games, but
I also known as I've played almost none of them
but
It looks really cool and lots of people are saying that it's supposed to be really good
So maybe I'll pick that up. I'm sure even just mentioning that will mean that I will hear much about it from conrad, which sounds good to me
Ah, the next thing someone asked was any interest in playing in final fantasy 16?
I didn't really until fairly recently. I'm hearing a lot of very good things about it
I've heard the reviews are really fantastic. By the way, if you guys are posting right now, it's gonna take me a while to react to it
I'm like way scrolled up
But uh, yeah, I don't know. I'm gonna look into it
I've had like no real time to game for the last bit, but I will look into it
Yeah 0.26 subscriber conversion rate for lttm flow plane and I will say if I remember correctly that is statistically like very good
That is good. Yeah for external account conversion. I'm pretty sure it's usually like less than half of that
so
Yeah
I think you're looking around 0.1 and often below
Um, and this isn't just for flow, but this is for patreon. This is for buying merch
This is for every all all external stuff. It's all really really low. You need
tens of thousands if not more before any of this stuff really becomes worth doing
There's a reason you don't see a lot of creators spin up patreons or flow planes or
Even merch stores anything like that until they're at over a hundred k
subscribers
The subscriber count really doesn't matter that much if I'm being honest. That's just kind of a vague benchmark
It's mostly the engaged viewership and subscriber count is a way to measure that but it's honestly
These days not a very good one. It used to be very good, but not anymore
I
Think your discussion last week or week before about starfield has
Ruined me because I was on the reserved expectations
And you're like shut up dan. It's gonna be great
But I get name a mainline game that hasn't been amazing
Well, as I'm saying you you ruined me and so now I'm like, right
I've trained full ahead a bunch of comments on that video. We're like, oh this idiot this dumb luke guy
He doesn't know about the fallout 76 that that sounds like me. It's not a main game brother
non-canon if it was it would be called fallout five
They just they skip too many numbers
yeah
Fallout shelter. Yeah, it has fallout is the first word. It's not a mainline game. It's a some mobile game
I don't give a crap about that. Yeah, I did not care about other scrolls of blades or whatever it's called
Yeah, because it's a mobile game. I don't care
Just matter to me. It's relevant
Oh, yeah, they made oblivion for Nokia phones. Yeah, it doesn't matter
It wasn't one of their original games and like four people know that so shut up
Any ETA on the iOS fix for chat, uh, I don't remember if this was part of it
I think James in the chat so he might bark at me, but um, was that in the most recent there should be
Maybe it hasn't propagated yet. There's an iOS update that went out like this week
That you should be getting soon that that fixed a bunch of things. It might not fix chat. I don't know
What's your feelings about having to work under a new ceo will it be more difficult now that you have to learn how to
Manipulate to get to do things that you want to do
Uh, you're deciding that to be very clear
um
So far all of my working that I've done with Taren has been positive to be completely honest. Um
He's
How do I word this?
He has a lot of the personality traits that Linus has that I like
He can be very blunt. He's very clear about what he wants. If you screw up, he'll call you on it all those types of things
I'm not looking for
Uh, a leader that's a pushover
but
His focus being being the CEO of the company instead of
Instead of it with Linus where his focus is really making videos and then he's also the CEO, I guess
Is helpful
There's some stuff around the company that like needs a lot of work
And it needs someone in that position to be able to do it
And I've been honestly pretty frustrated for quite a while that I haven't been able to get things moving in that regard
And it's just because Linus has had just way too much stuff on his plate
Like it's not that Linus didn't want to didn't think there should be a solution here. I didn't want to work on it
He just didn't have the time
Um, so having Taren in position
Is good
There are already things that I've been talking to Taren about being like, hey
Like this stuff has been kind of borked for a really long time
We should work on this. These are the things that I feel strongly about in regards to this and he's been very receptive to those conversations
So I think that's cool
It's not about manipulating him if I have to manipulate him
um
I think sometimes that word gets thrown around too much convincing is not necessarily manipulating if I have to convince him
That's fine. If I have to manipulate him, um
Then I feel like the whole experiment failed
Or I'm just doing a bad job one of the two
You
Oh, he revised his question by the time I got to it. I'm very scrolled up. I should just like skip to the bottom
Uh, what are your feelings about having to work on a new ceo?
Will it be more difficult now that you have to learn how to manipulate someone new?
Other than linus to get to do things that you want to do retouch because the screw up. Oh, that's the same question
Yeah, I don't know. Um
I don't know. I think my last I think my last statement was good
I'm now remembering now that you say that Linus and I talked about how we manipulate each other on the show
And I realized
It's just I don't know
I think it's fine is ultimately what I'm trying to say
Oh
Here's Conrad's comments about final fantasy 16. It's so good. Just play it. Wait. So is it out already?
By final fantasy 16
Available now
Okay
Maybe that'll be something I do this weekend. Do I have any time this weekend at all?
I
Don't know my schedule is not really my own right now because of the
Family stuff going on, but if I do maybe I'll I'll pick it up. What is that? Can I do I just buy on steam?
By final
Steam
Is that a no
So I'm gonna answer it eventually I'm just gonna keep scrolling chat
as employees do you guys
By your merch you have a discount a lot of money free stuff discount slash a lot of money free stuff is is is the
Is the situation you guys okay with open source clients for float plane? What?
I'll see you making one. Oh, yeah
Anyone at ltt going to game con and calorie this weekend? I doubt it. Seriously doubt it
Put through hours and rank in rocket league well right now. I'm unranked because I haven't played in forever, but I used to be a
champion
Champ whatever one. I don't remember three one. I don't know
um
Or grand champ or whatever the highest category before you get into like
the professional stuff
in
snow day
Because I'm canadian play the hockey version and it honestly it's so much better
Use soccer ball players and get off your high horse
Um, can og's get an og tag? Nah, probably not
Um came here for the roast decided to stay hell. Yeah
It's great that Bethesda just fully embraced modding their games and brought mods to the console versions of skyrim and fallout 4
Starfield is most likely going to be the same and the amount of mods I will have and my game is going to be insane
After I finish my first playthrough though. Yeah, I definitely want to do first playthrough with no mods
Um, but they have already said that it's going to have lots of mod support. Um, so
Yeah
Conrad says just play it. He's talking about Final Fantasy 16
Uh, I will I just need to find time and then he said starfield is going to be so good
Even if it's bad, that's kind of how I feel about it right now
And I'm not even lying because like I I have to think about it this way right like I
A lot of people that I talked to think that the best Bethesda game
Ever made was the first one that they played
Like I I think it's Morrowind and the first game I played from Bethesda was Morrowind
and the second one I played was Fallout 3 and
Fallout 3 is my second favorite game they ever made
And it tends to like go that way
um
And I suspect I might not find that starfield is like my favorite game of theirs
I'm probably going to complain about the standard things that I complained about with Bethesda games
They probably dumbed down a bunch of different types of systems
They probably narrowed scope in a few different ways
Made it more accessible did things like that
And it doesn't matter because while I thought Fallout 4 was a pretty decent detraction from a lot of things in Fallout 3
And while I thought Skyrim was a pretty decent detraction from things in Oblivion
Which was already a pretty decent detraction from things in Morrowind
Fallout 4 was still an amazing game and Skyrim was still an amazing game
And I spent a bunch of time playing both of them and I would still be interested in playing modded versions today
So who cares?
I don't I'm excited. It's gonna be fantastic
I mean, I still play modded skyrim occasionally. Yeah, and since there's still Skyrim videos today
It's still good. Yes. The community is amazing. Yes, and from the first
Announcement of starfield. I'm like, okay day one
I'm gonna get onto the modding scene for this day one. I missed
Skyrim. I missed Oblivion modding and all that sort of stuff
So I want to be want to be in it. I want to be doing the learning. Oh doing the learning. You're gonna mod yourself. Yeah
I'm that excited about starfield that I'm like, I want to be I want to be part of the community
That's super sick because it's gonna be a Bethesda game
And it'll have problems and it'll have things that can be approved upon or adjusted or modified you should make a bird hole
It's gonna have birds in it space birds
That's that that actually sounds like a really approachable
Uh, like first mod is just like a bird for your spaceship
That'd be sweet. Just a bird model or something like that. That'd be awesome. You know, uh
Sound an animation something like that
That'd be fun. That'd be fun. That's a good idea actually
I still haven't made you your own bird. I keep forgetting
They're eyeing data scientists not right now
After see this this the these are the takes I don't get uh sultan of slack
Said after how badly Bethesda treated Fallout 3 and Fallout 4
I have very little hope for starfield
What are these people talking about?
I think it wasn't new vegas. Yeah
And therefore bad
But like come on guys. I know a lot of people that really like the fallout series, but
I don't know if it's ever been for me really. I'd eh eh
Games are just bad most of the time
But they're bad because it's so subjective
Fallout 4 was bad closer to far cry than Fallout not an rpg. Okay, so that's what I'm talking about. It's just a bad take though
It's bad for them
Sure
Or for you, but it's still a good game
For
Fallout 4 is like many people's favorite game ever
A metascore of 80s
Like pretty good
I had a bunch of fun. I I I can't expect every single game that they ever make especially when you're making story-driven
Experience games. I can't expect everyone to be better than the previous one. Like if you're playing like madden
Make sure I expect a 1 to 2 percent improvement over the previous game and almost no reason to buy the new one
Other than roster changes. Sure. Cool. It got better
I don't expect every game that Bethesda ever releases to be
Objectively better than the previous one. I expect to have fun
And I can pretty much guarantee I'm gonna have fun with starfield. I'm excited
I wonder what people expect from fallout is
Leaning much more heavily into the role-playing aspect of it because new vegas was very very good
Because new vegas was very very heavy into the
You're a person go do what your character would do. You're like reputation systems and stuff like that
And I believe fallout 4 that's the newest run, right?
It's your
Apparent and go find your child and it's and it's more of a shoot them out and stuff like care about your kid instead of like
Well, my fallout character wouldn't care about his kid
And then you just don't get to play the game properly not as much
Right, whereas, you know, there's there's obviously story lines, but they're not
About your character your character falls into those story lines
And there are other Bethesda games that work in very different ways. Exactly morrowind was extremely based around
um
Any direction you want to go you can technically beat the game in like three minutes
There's there's insane customizability when it comes to spells and stuff like that and a lot of people like that
But they got a lot of feedback saying that the the spell casting
If you if you try to be a caster in that game some major wizard or whatever you want to call it because the classes
Were all made by yourself
But if you tried to be that archetype in that game, it was really underpowered
They were getting that feedback in reality by an insane amount
It was the strongest tree to possibly go down
But it was so difficult to get there that only some like hyper nerds got there including myself, which was great and it was fun
but
It wasn't accessible to a huge percentage of people
So I liked morrowind more
I don't know that morrowind is objectively a better game
I think the average person would probably like oblivion more because it was a little bit more approachable
Now that's a dangerous line to constantly go down because you end up with super mario brothers
um, but like in a fantasy world, I don't know but like it's
It doesn't mean it's bad. It just means it's different and what you want might be might not be exactly in line with that
But that's okay. I don't think that Fallout 4 was my least favorite fallout that has ever released
For sure. I still think it was a great game and had a lot of fun
Do you think LMG will look to unionize since Linus isn't the CEO anymore? No Linus still owns the company my dude
I can't believe you bought t-shirts me neither
It was very weird actually, um, I only did it because I had to and I only bought solid color shirts
I bought I think it was like five or six and they were just like, oh, I got a blue one a white one
a gray one a black one a red one whatever
Have you heard all the j-slat AI music? Yep, it sounds like AI music
You
I can try the demo before I dive in
A fun fantasy 16 like at this point reading all the reviews and stuff. I think it's only ps5
I don't have a ps5
I don't want to buy a ps5. That's only for ps5. How fancy 16
How fancy his 16 is hitting pc in
Well, I guess it'll be a while that tracks
Do you like the jrpg stuff they're just so deep and complicated and lengthy
At least for me. I've enjoyed some
Um
Very controversially, which is not going to back up my statements about the starfield and Bethesda games
But I liked Final Fantasy 8
Um, a lot of people are like, oh this grew. Final Fantasy 7 is the biggest game. Um, I just never played Final Fantasy 7
I I had eight I was a poor boy. I had eight because my best friend had eight
It's the only reason I didn't have any of the other Final Fantasy games
So I I mostly haven't played Final Fantasy games because I just like haven't had to them
I never had a PlayStation. I was never really in the ecosystem to really have Final Fantasy games
I played I played Final Fantasy 8 on a pc
um
So I don't know I've nothing against it. I've just never really been in the thing
I'm trying to I'm trying to get through the chat a bit so I can catch up. I'm at like the top of the chat window
Will you upgrade to a 4090 for starfield? I've honestly been I've been thinking about it. I don't like 4090s in particular
um
But I could look to upgrade my graphics card to something but I I just I don't know
The whole like hey, I might melt your cables and do all this other kind of stuff when I have birds that are right next to my computer
Like I'm not gonna risk anything melting. I don't know. I know it's a very small percentage chance
But if plastic melts next to the birds
And they get sick I will be enraged and I'm just not gonna chance it
I like this take from conrad I feel like most games are really good
And even the bad ones still have merit and can be enjoyed
I think that's true in a lot of realms like linus and I have had a lot of fun lately
Last time we played it. We played with his son
um playing a game called slap shot rebound
Is that game
Objectively good on like any way you can measure games like probably no
The graphics are trash. The controls are very difficult
um
The physics seem like okay
There's some stupid stuff like where if you play online, there's cosmetics you can get where people are invisible
Partially invisible other than they're like jersey like their head is invisible which makes them way harder to see and it's very annoying
None of that matters. We're having a good time. Who cares?
Now like I don't want everyone to necessarily think that way because I just don't want us all to be complacent and be happy with
Trash games that come out
But like I think people are really like the gaming community is really incredibly toxic and extremely negative about just like everything
And uh, I think sometimes things get much too hard much too bad of a wrap
You
This is another take that I find very interesting when people talk about single player games
Heavy chicken guy says power armor was cool and followed for
It's kind of overpowered to the point where you could use it all the time if you get the perks right
Okay, so if you think that's overpowered in a bad way
don't
do it
Okay, now we're now we're talking about min maxing and optimizing the fun out of a video game
And it's a single player game rpgs
You have to limit your own fun. You have to decide what your fun is from a game dev perspective
It can be very difficult
if the avenues to optimize the fun out of the game are
Very clear cut and obvious because players in general will always attempt to
Easy way to fix that. Don't use power armor
One of my favorite things to do in games is artificial limitations and like playing weird game modes and stuff
I did I played a certain version of hitman. I don't remember what one it was
It's been a long time, but I was streaming it and I had this whole series of streams that I called knife man
Uh, and I played I played through the entire game just stabbing everything
This sounds like uh, you know, I think it was it man. I don't remember what came was everybody in skyrim
Always plays like the stealth archer, right? Yeah, so just don't my my archetype is uh, the character is always named punches and drugs
And he just punches things because what you can do high on scooma all the time
Punch and stuff. Yeah, because when you wear like really advanced like bracers
You can also highly level the smithing skill and then you can get super overpowered like
Bracers which give bonuses to unarmed attacks and so you just walk up to dragon all that out. Yeah, sweet. I love it
Yeah, that's super cool. Yeah, don't like don't there's this I don't know what happened
But in the last like 10 years everyone thinks they're gonna be an esports star
And just plays every multiplayer game as if their life depends on it because they're they get their living this way
Like I don't know what's going on, but it's absolutely a thing
And I feel like that's creeping into the single player space where everyone's like
I have to play everything on maximum difficulty and min max everything to be the best and it's like
Uh, you're playing a single player game. You should actually probably be aiming to have fun
Uh, there's a lot of punch dragon. Yeah, like there's there's potentially cooler ways to do that other than just trying to be the absolute best at playing
Skyrim like that's such a weird thing to even have a goal for
um
If you do it sure cool, I don't know. It's not really my thing
You
What's your go-to bathroom game when sitting on the john uh chess puzzles
Google on basant hey, yeah
Yeah
PS5s are relatively easy to get this
Nowadays, yeah, and they still cost hundreds of dollars
I'm cheap conrad you forget I'm cheap
I can just wait for it to come to pc. I'm probably gonna do that
No get it now so I can talk to you about it and how and now I have to worry about spoiling things. Ah
That's a decent point
I wonder if I can like borrow one from work or something is that even so are you allowed to do that still?
You can do that used to be whatever you want
But we're trying to like cut back on it a little bit. I think yeah
You know, it's it's not are you so I'll say this way. Are you supposed to still do that?
Is that generally against the standards of the company holds
I think it's a case-by-case sort of thing. Okay, uh, if you want to like
Try something
You know, it's uh, I don't know if it's set in stone right now. Don't quote me. This isn't live maybe
Hopefully
Oh aj says he'll loan me his
What are you being loaned?
Huh, what are you getting loaned aj is is saying that he'll loan me his playstation for a couple months
So he'll come back to bc sooner which?
Kind of works for me because I get a free temporary playstation and also I get to see aj more so like I'm kind of down with this hell. Yeah
14 is objectively the best Final Fantasy. So I think this is back again. I'm way up in the chat
I think this is when I said Final Fantasy 8
But that's my problem. I never played 14. I never played 14 never played 7 never played 6
Never played 3 never played like all these ones that people talk about all the time is being super great. It's like, okay
Yeah, that's cool. I liked 8. Why because I it's the one I played
I don't know
As far as I know I might like all of them
I have no idea
I think my first was uh
Which upsets a lot of people
Did that one suck or something apparently? I don't know. It's the one with the the water football
They do they always have these like weird mini games, don't they?
Final Fantasy 8 had this like really weird very difficult like card trading and battling game built into it
I don't remember what it's called, but it was it was wacky. Okay, people seem to think that 10 is good
You know, I don't know who's wrong anymore. I just uh
Are they opening cutscene with the ha ha ha?
Okay, I know what we're talking about that might that might be 10 it might be 12
I don't know people always rip on that but doesn't she tell him to laugh and then he's like forcing a laugh out
I think the context the context makes sense, but it's still bad. Yeah
I can't remember it might have been you or somebody else. I think it's similar to that
I take this chip and eat it kind of thing where you know the
Out of context it makes absolutely no sense. Yeah
Yeah, it was uh, it was deliberately fake, but if you take it out of context
It's hilarious
Fallout 3 is son looking for his father fall out for his father looking for his son. I'm sorry in my opinion
It's just not great
Okay, it's your opinion. So that's fine, but like who cares? I don't know
There is only one ending cutscene in both Fallout 3 and 4 unlike 1 2 and new vegas
The point of fallout is supposed to be it's heavily choice-based RPG
Where you see your actions affect the world but as it just doesn't do that
They don't care about the story or RPG elements. Ah, okay, so this is this is my take
Way better than 4 at least journey
Not the destination. Yeah, I know that the ending point can be kind of
You know, it's a nice little bow on the package
But like people became really obsessed with ending cutscenes with mass effect. Yeah, this mass effect really
Screwed up with one of their ending cutscenes
I think a lot of that would be
Like I would feel a bit jilted. I guess with that as well. Uh, I know this was a big concern for
cyberpunk as well
Is you tout all of these like mechanics that your choices have consequences
And so somebody'll do a playthrough with one set of choices and one sort of character in mind, right?
People are now actually
Role playing the game to completion and they get to their ending and they're satisfied and they go, okay
Now for a second playthrough, I'm going to play this type of character and it all goes the same
And it's exactly the same and so it's like, well, why did I bother a lot of my people are super invested?
They're now getting shafted the way that I like to talk about is like with with morrowind my favorite game of all time
I had been playing that game
Okay, for context when I was a kid I played multiple sports at a very high level. I wasn't
Playing games all the time. Sometimes when they hear this they're like, oh my god, you must have had like many hundreds of hours
I'm like, no, not really. Um, but I had been playing morrowind for like at least a couple months before
Uh, my dad and I decided to buy a players guy
It's the only game we've ever bought a bought a players guide for but we were like, this is fun
But we feel like we're missing out on a lot
Uh, and we bought a players guide and the first thing I realized when we opened the players guide was like, holy
There's a main quest
What are you talking about? There's a main quest because in morrowind when you first create your character
They give you this like package and you're supposed to deliver it to someone and every single time
I would start my character and then I would just sell
I would be rapidly selling things that are in my inventory because I'd steal a bunch of stuff because why not
And then I go to the store and I go to sell it all and I would just be spamming selling everything
And I would sell the package by accident and there's no quest log in morrowind
It's just a journal that you write in
so if you just like
Don't go all the way back to the beginning of the journal and it says
I have this package i'm supposed to give to somebody in bel mora
You might just never do it
And I never did
So I never once I had a bunch of different characters. They were all built in different ways
One of them was like really focused on fighting with a sword and board and I started off with him in the fighter's guild
And then I went to house talani and did all this other kind of stuff
I didn't think there was a main quest
I thought it was just like you exist in this world and you just do things you become the grandmaster of various
Guilds and houses and whatnot and all that kind of stuff and it's cool and I really enjoyed it
And then I figured out there was a main quest and it was neat and it was not the best part of the game at all
I don't think the main people meme about not doing the main quest and Bethesda games all the time
And they there's it's literally come up in starfield interviews a bunch
Whether like are you prepared for players to never care about your main quest and they're like, yeah, we are
That's what it's about because they don't care about that final ending cinematic because it's unimportant
And it's also not the end of the game
Because the whole game is based around like dan was just saying it's the journey
It's the experiences it's the things that you do among it your choices are going to matter
Or at least they did in every previous Bethesda game
Based on how you deal with things along the way
But not necessarily in the end. I don't care about some stupid cinematic at the end personally again
In your opinion if you hate that that's fine. You just don't have to like Bethesda games. I don't think that means it's a bad game
I think that means you don't like it
So it might be a bad game for you. Maybe you shouldn't buy starfield
It doesn't mean that this is going to be a bad game for other people though
I don't think I've ever beaten Skyrim
Yeah, and who cares?
There's so much that I've never seen. Have you done?
Have you met Xeograth in the bar?
I have no idea
That's a lot of bars
Yeah, that's like the best part of the game in my opinion. Maybe maybe
I have a lot of playthroughs. Yeah
Lot of scooma
Do you know are all your runs like drug runs?
Yeah, because it gives you bonus points to speed and attack speed. So it's like integral for the entire build
To like yeah, I don't know. It's great. That's funny. I suggest everybody try at least ones
Look at how many people played Dark Souls naked for zero actual achievements. Yeah, and that is awesome. That is so sick
That is so cool. I get so jazzed up over that kind of stuff
I love I love finding like oh, there's some shooter game and I figure out. Oh, there's a crossbow
I'm like, oh, okay. I'm gonna do a non ballistic run
I'll only use like melee weapons and crossbows and like I'll pretend I'm in like
The medieval times and everybody else has I came through time. I don't know how to operate a firearm or something
I don't know
Like I love
Love doing these like weird artificial limitations. It makes it so much more fun for me. I used to play civilization
Before they had this as a thing. I think it was I played civilization
for
This why this way. Yeah, I played Civ 4 refusing to make a second city ever
I would do my own one city challenges before one city challenges in the game
I don't remember which Civ version this is but I'd do my own one city challenge
And then in I think it was Civ 5 they came out with venice
Which can't even build a second city and the whole idea is trying to navigate playing civilization with one city
I used to find that to be so much fun
It's so interesting. It was a lot more fun
Uh to me to do that than to crank the difficulty in Civ
Which just like allows the ai to cheat and gives you worse deals
And worse like r and g. It's like, okay, that's that's not that interesting to me
What is interesting me is navigating all of the complications that are involved with not being able to have a second city in a game around building cities
Like that. I don't know. That's what I'm super into
Yeah, I mean
There's a bunch of different approaches that you can take into games. I think you can look at them as
systems and like
Excel spreadsheets
That's certainly one way to approach it. Oh, I hear Linus. Yeah, Linus is coming. We're gonna have to stop talking about games. Sorry boys
Goodbye
And girls and everybody else
Okay, we've been pre-showing for
One hour 15 minutes. Yeah
You've been pre-show over an hour. Well, uh, you were on set for a video and mr. One take wonder over here
Usually is done pretty darn. It wasn't a scripted video. Well, I didn't know that
So here we are. It's fine. We've just been talking about games and stuff
Would you move? I see move your double onto the floor, please unless you want to keep them there all day
Okay, so
There's some interesting stuff. Yeah, we need you can have to leave because it's seven. Yeah
Also
I apparently need to review a script at the airport
Yes, that's right. No rest for the wicked. Is this are you going on vacation time?
What is vacation? Yeah, sir. Yeah, I understand but like is it supposed to be vacation? Yeah, okay, cool
At least there's that
Because I heard of von was going and I was like, oh, so it's like he's actually
Maybe doing something for himself. Maybe
Is it not still it's not still isn't it? I mean
I think you know that my version of
It means you're not where you're going
At home in my pajamas. Yeah, ideally not even pajamas
At home birthday suit. Yeah. Yeah doing nothing. Yeah
That doesn't happen very often. Yeah fair enough, but um
You know what I am overdue to whisk my wife away somewhere for some r and r so
That's good, too. If that's what baby wants, that's what baby gets
Once every 10 years
Spoiling her I know right
You gotta be careful or I might over overdo it here, but dad if you if you make mods
I will play any one of them. Um, that's sweet. I appreciate that. Yes, sir. Hopefully I can uh, I can get that together
If you make my birds in the game, I will freak out in a positive way
I just really need this food and then I do whatever I would probably say that's uh, that's feasible
I'm excited to have a wancho for an hour
When you need to leave
Okay 30
No, I could go at like nine
As long as you guys can lock up I could probably do as late as like 9 45 without actually missing my flight
Can you do the lights?
Yeah, yeah, I can I can lock up by myself if necessary. Oh no, I can always like leave
I can help. I just there's lots of lights in this building that if they do happen to be left on
I'm gonna be so lost or we have no idea how to turn them off. Yeah, some of them are also
Automated so you can like never find the light switch. Okay. It's 41 minutes to the airport
You have to be there for I got my tycan back
so
I'm kidding. I'm kidding 20 minutes if it has a full charge. What was that noise? That is the uh, ac
A condensation pump. Oh my goodness
That thing uh, sounds a little worse for wear. Um, okay
So
Okay, so you're so 9 15 so we got I could go at 9 30 so we got two and a half hours. Yeah
I got nexus
That's fun and a sweet car
Don't worry about it
No, I can't speed in that car. You've seen the rap, right?
I'm not getting off with a warning
Ha
Very true. I can uh, I can target for two hours if that works
Oh, I think we just said two and a half
I'll target for two and then it'll go half over or oh, I see what you mean. Yeah, that's probably a decent idea
No, it won't go over
Wait that just broke that break lovely
That just broke
Um, it actually broke that's fine. We could just do this
Look who my who my
I like this though. We actually had a spare. That's so uncommon that that happens. That's good for this. Yeah, but
Uh-oh, no, if he's got a spare that too, then we're good
Take this back. Okay, never mind. I didn't do anything wrong. I mean Linus Linus yourself. It's your fault. Anyways
Hmm, okay, I managed to get the threaded thing out. So that's good probably
Um, I think this whole thing
This looks like aluminum that's really stupid
A load bearing
What the
That is not the solution I expected
Hey
Why do we just have extra re20s?
Uh, there used to be
A podcast. Oh, yeah, there used to be four here. Oh, yeah that podcast that we spent more on like
The set for than ever made
There you go, you want to get this like set up how you want it. I'm afraid to touch it. No, this one's sturdy
Okay, well um
Yeah
Hmm that seems like it's getting tight at a very unfortunate angle which you know happens. No, no, I got this
You guys heard that it's okay, not to me
Okay, um
Cool
Let's uh go ahead and start the show then shall we?
Yeah, no I have to log into google again. Nice
Fortunately I have memorized my new password that I just changed it to because I have to log into google a f***ing lot
Because it signs me out a lot
Very annoying
Uh, am I the one who needs to resume the selected or are you already in the dashboard?
You have the dashboard open and logged in and the selected is I do paused. I do. Yep. What do you mean?
I do. I did it for you. So oh, there it is. Yep neat
All right, we're doing this thing. Oh man, I can't see a damn thing with this mic. I enjoy that it got so much worse
It was already bad and now it's just like this wall
It looks crazy
You could be that guy just take mine, but it will like take a while. No, no, no, we gotta get started. Okay. All right. Let's do this thing
I like I can see like 40 percent of my screen
I don't even care
You could make the angle
No, that probably won't help. I've resumed the selected the selected is resumed. All right
It's game over man game over. All right
Oh my god, I didn't open the dock
What is up and welcome to the WAN show everyone we've got a fantastic show lined up for you today
Amazon has allegedly retaliated against critical news coverage
Also del australia was found guilty of deceptive pricing. You know
The company that we covered in secret shopper
They kept trying to push extended warranties down our throats
And onsite service
Would they do that? We should hire people from there
I mean if I was trying to sell extended warranties and financing. Yeah, that sounds like a pretty good idea
What else we got this week pc building simulator features linus tech tips in an update
Oh, yeah, that's right. I saw that I don't nobody tells me anything these days
Do you know how I found out about that? No in a tweet
From the linus tech account
Which I follow it actually looks awesome. It looks amazing. It looks very cool. It looks so good
I honestly never did it because I was like I've built enough computers
I don't need to simulate building computers, but I might just like check this out. It's kind of a fun game
Yeah, like we played it for our sponsored stream for epic games store way back when pc building simulator 2 came out
We should we should hold on. Sorry. We got to finish the intro. We should 1v1
What that's like a thing that you can do. I mean or just like yeah, you could both start at the exact same time
And see who can make more money. I'll make more money. Yeah, I lost to jake though, and I'm real salty about it
Oh, so you just want to beat me up. Oh, yeah for ego reasons. All right, good enough
Um, also the what else should we talk about? I don't know elan muskin zuckerberg might actually fight each other in a cage match
That is not happening. Yeah, I said the same thing, but either way intro time
I
The show is brought to you by jump cloud kudos and zoho one
Ha ha ha
Jumping right into our headline topic
LTT is in pc building simulator. Yeah, and it's so cool. This looks so cool
All right, we did a video about pc building simulator a while back
Jake and I 1v1 to see who could make the most money and I think we gave ourselves an hour or something like that
Basically just playing through the tutorial
It's really cool because the amount of depth that they've built into this game
Is incredible like it really matters that you pick exactly the right compatible components
And a lot of it is not just building a computer like have you ever played it at all luke? No never
Oh, yeah, so you don't just build a computer for lulls
You run a pc shop where you repair computers and troubleshoot them
And also build computers and then you build up an inventory of
Parts from your repairs like oh this still had a good gpu and the customer said they didn't want it
And then you can start to use them and other repairs and try to
You know optimize min max your your your your revenue and all that kind of stuff
Toward the end of the tutorial you get to the point where you can actually run. Wait, what was that?
Was that in the game? Yes, you can run 3d mark in game and it will give you pretty realistic scores
Configure a fan control curves. It's incredibly deep and then toward the end. This is our final builds that we did
You can renovate. Yeah, you can renovate your no, I think this is from height
Oh, okay
You can renovate your storefront and like start to rebuild it and like I didn't get any further than that because I
Rarely find time to play video games
but but but the point is
Pretty cool game and if you wanted to live linus's alternative reality life where you didn't start a youtube channel
You could play pc billing simulator. We are freaking in it. Yeah, so here is their teaser trailer showing the
There's the pink server. Okay, man. We're gonna cat. We gotta freaking slow down. Yeah, there's too many references
Just a second here. Okay, we're going point two five speed here. We're going. Oh
Point two five is not great. Okay. Okay. There's the pink server rec
This is the same flooring that we have in the pc build corner. Yeah, uh, there's one of our
Uh, I forget what we call this design, but this is one of our desk pad designs in orange. Yeah
Uh, what else we got here? I think that's also it in in black. It's hard to see but I think the pattern is there
I'm not sure. I'm not sure you might be right
Love that server rec freaking awesome
Um
Oh, I love that there's like studio lights and stuff a bunch of yeah, the studio lights are one thing
There's a bunch of set walls here tech linked set
Um, this is the one man. What is this one from? Obviously? I've seen it a thousand times
Why can't I remember where this is from audience help me? Is that somewhere in the help me living room kitchen set? Yes
Yes, yes, it is and we've got the records on the walls just like in the living room set
That's the door. This is the door from the living room set
This is so cool
Oh, man. Look at this the little details
We totally use these little
Um extension cord spools aka arlo's cat pc building cafe. I love it amazing. Oh, man
Oh, man. Oh, I got the white. Uh got the white brick wall thing
We had something like that at some point actually even the fake plants look familiar. Oh my goodness. Well, yeah
Hey, these things from the back of the pc build corner. They got the lighting in there and everything
Is that an ltt backpack? I think so. Is that an ltt backpack? I think so. No, they have the cable spool the extension cable spool
We have those for sure
That is definitely an ltt backpack sir
That is incredible. Okay. Now. Hold on a second. Please. Tell me they have the screwdriver. All I've seen is the tweet so far
Wait, that's our desk
That's the desk. Oh, that totally is. This is the desk. We built the it's the like the cleanest setup desk or whatever
They have those light thingies
Whatever those are called. They don't remember leafs nano leafs or something. Okay, the right of the desk
That's not ours. Obviously. Oh the the
Kid was yeah, yeah, and they've got there's a water bottle
They got the water bottle. Nice. There's three of them. They've got our ltt set deck
We also have this shelf somewhere. I forget where it is, but we have it somewhere more water bottles
Yeah, yeah. Oh, this is so cool the number. Oh, look, there's a there's a lioness face. Hold on. Wait, where right next to your mouse. Oh my god
Okay, well that probably wasn't necessary, but it's in there. It's in there
Man they even like modeled the cap correct
Okay, we must have done a lot of work on this too because this is
Exactly right like that is that is high fidelity exactly the graphics that we are using on our water bottles
The damaged blue back wall with the red there reminds me of the garage northern lights mouse pad
Yeah, this is so cool
I'm freaking out a little bit here. Apparently doughnuts in forza too
So like doughnuts in forza youtubers are just in video games now. Is this a thing? It was actually very cool. Oh, that's super cool
Yeah, it was awesome
Oh, this is so ridiculous. Wow
Speaking of accurate renders
That is
Oh, they have the new poles wallity. They have the new poles
Wait
No, they do they have the fixed. Whoa
They have the fixed titanium carabiner poles
Okay, we're still working on getting those through mass production and getting them shipped out to people
I am loving this so much
This is wild. Those I don't feel like they would stand out. Okay. It's a gold monitor. Ha ha
Got them
Oh
So it's a whole theme for the back of your shop, I guess then yeah
Oh, I love it
Oh my god, they even put a segue in the video description
I love it
Okay, hold on a second. What am I? This isn't the trailer performing poorly. We just still have it on point two five. Yeah
That is so cool. I um that is wicked. I am super into it. That's awesome
Uh, the update went live earlier this week. The update is free
And you can try out the game's demo for free at lmg.gg
Slash pc build sim 2
Uh, we're going to have that linked down below and if we don't have it linked down below dan is going to make sure
We have it linked down below. Thanks dan. Thanks dan
That's so cool. They're oh man, there are some things I missed too
Yeah build corner set inspired walls and logo lambo desk library
I didn't see that but apparently you can get like a picture of the the the lambo
Yeah, there it is
Oh, are these just like stickers and stuff? Yep. These are just decals that you can apply. So those are based on our sticker packs
Hey, they don't want you one. Let's go. Oh my god. Hey
Okay, well, that's enough of that
Another big news this week amazon. Oh, you know what do we go straight for the bezos musk cage fight?
Sure, it's not bezos and musk though. Oh, sorry not bezos
Zuckerberg and musk yeah, so can I be the first to say that if this actually goes forward musk is going to get his
Absolutely
Oh my goodness zuckerberg seems to actually take personal fitness and like very serious fighting training kind of serious
Yeah, and the thing about you know a billionaires. He might have had kind of a potato figure at some point
But I guess he can afford the best consultants and trainers because he's like kind of looking pretty good lately. Oh, yeah
Oh, yeah
Oh, yeah, apparently he recently did the mirf challenge. I had heard about a lot of his like jiu-jitsu stuff and stuff like that
I had not heard about this apparently he completed the mirf challenge
Which is running a mile followed up by 100 pull-ups. It says 200 press ups
Okay
I are they just saying push up
Oh press up one sec. I don't know what a press up is
press ups
People are saying bezos kind of jacked too. Actually. Yeah. Yeah, I've noticed that
Yeah, this looks like a push-up. Okay. Um, it might be like a specific hand position or something
But yeah 200 press ups 300 squats and then running another mile all while wearing a 20 pound weighted backpack
That's stupid. That's really hard
I'm certain these things aren't like I'm certain he didn't do 100 pull-ups without having a break
Okay, but like this is amazing. They've actually got a fighter stats thing in the dock for us today
And this is kind of incredible. So elons definitely got the height and weight advantage
He's a 511 180 plus pounds the zuck meanwhile. It's like my height
I did not know that I I thought he was
A normal height person. No, I had heard he's short. Okay only 150 pounds like I have 20 pounds on him
And like I'm not I'm not huge or anything. He's a skinny little chicken small dude
Musk definitely has an age disadvantage at 51 years old instead of
39 for the zuck. I love the training regime here though
Lifts weights sometimes
And then we've got the mirf challenge here. And then this is the best
Diet quote. I'd rather eat tasty food and live a shorter life
This year. I've basically become a vegetarian since the only meat I'm eating is from animals
I've killed myself which is like the chattest statement you could ever say
Apparently he did that mirf challenge in 40 minutes. That's
Stupid that's crazy
That's actually wild
Geez
Elon might get actually killed
In a cage with him. No, I'm not even I'm not even though
I mean if there was no end to it like yeah, yeah
Well, no, I mean, yeah, I just I just mean like I I just
You're a potato right
And then you're up against mirf challenge guy. Yeah, like it doesn't matter. It honestly. Yes. There are absolutely
Big advantages to being a lot heavier and a lot taller
Yeah, but like but these are not similar people
physically like
It doesn't matter mark will destroy him
And to be clear, I am no mark zuckerberg fan neither of us are okay like
It's good facebook never mind him personally facebook has contributed
Basically negligibly to our success as an online media business like I don't even have
I don't even have any kind of professional indebtedness to the facebook platform
Like actually if facebook had never existed that would be totally fine for me and meta to
Yeah, because we'd still have like oculus. Yeah, it might even be better. Yeah
um
A meta spokesperson confirmed that zuckerberg was entirely
Serious when he replied via his instagram story. Yeah, he's gone to like jujitsu tournaments and stuff
Zuckerberg would have no issue doing this musk replied
Vegas octagon. I have this great move. I call the walrus where I just lie on top of my opponent and do nothing
He will not get an opportunity to do that. I I can't I don't think he realizes like I can't tell with him
A lot of people that have never been in an I don't know. Maybe he has someone's going to bring up some weird thing from his past
Oh, yeah, he's claimed like he you know south africa, you know fought and stuff bullies and stuff. You sure
This is going to be a different reality
As far as my understanding goes zuckerberg is actually very good and very serious when it comes to jujitsu and he will choke the absolute
out of musk
Dana white meanwhile has expressed interest in hosting the match
So, um
Of course he did
I mean, of course he did just a bunch free money. Oh my float plane chat is so funny
musk is friends with joe rogan though
They're kidding luke. They're kidding. They're kidding. Okay. Okay. It's amazing
Uh, andrew tate said something about training musk. Yeah, what from a romanian prison like
Via zoom
That is a thing some people do. Uh, yeah, it's not as good, but um, I think yeah, I don't know. I don't know
Say a bunch people are bringing up the send me location meme. That's pretty great
Send me location
Okay
I will say though
Okay, we're about to get really personal here
You're six one six two
If you round up, I'm six three. I'm like six two and like
You're over six feet. You don't get to round up. Sure. Okay. So you're six two. Then I'm past point. So you're six two
I'm past point six two. So I'm six three. So you're six two. Okay. No, if you're about six you round down past a half
No, you round down when you're over six feet past a half doesn't matter
Doesn't make any sense. You round up when you're under the government says i'm six three
The canadian government doesn't even use feet and inches. Yeah, they use centimeters. So get
Remember quickly it's like 192 or something. I don't know whatever the point is
um
I'm just like i'm trying to i'm trying to kind of i'm kind of trying to
Think about you know for me. Okay, so i'm five seven
five six and a half
Ah
You have quite a few more inches on me than than musk has on zucker height or yeah in height. Okay. Well probably
But I didn't I didn't go to the uh to the nude bath in japan. So we'll never know for sure
The point is that you've got at least like oh man. So what's musk five eleven?
Yeah, so you've got like another three inches on me over what musk has on zuckerberg and i'm trying to think
When you were full potato. What did you weigh at that point? I don't even want to say there's a lot though. Okay. Yeah like
over 200
I don't have no context for this. I haven't been under 200 since I was like 17. Okay. Well, okay over 250
Yeah, oh, okay. All right. Yeah
Man, so i'm just trying to think
How fast how much do you think I weigh right now?
I look I have no context for this. I have always been under six feet. Yeah, I don't know how much bone weighs
But just like fire out a number. Uh
Right now. Yeah, I don't know 230
No
But like not that close. It's definitely more than that. Okay. I weigh pretty much 250 right now right now. Oh
Yeah, oh
Yeah, now one thing to consider is I've put on a lot of muscle since then right and that weighs a lot more
But I was more for sure
Got it. Okay. So i'm 170. So their weight difference is actually a bunch of people are like what? Yeah. Yeah
Yeah, and I there's no like this is flat like i'm doing okay
Yeah, their weight difference is actually way smaller because I was thinking about it going like
Even when you were out of shape
Like I wouldn't go out of my way to go into an octagon with you. Like if I got lucky
I could maybe try to like break something. Yeah
Um before you kill me rather certain. I still would have won. Yes, but that but that is that is the the
The drasticness of that situation is significantly higher. Yeah, because you you had what like 100 pounds on me
Yeah, we're talking 30 pounds difference
Yeah, which is a lot when it comes to these types of things
But the gap in training between these people right? Well, the other thing too is zuckerberg
Why zuckerberg would know that musk is gonna gas that too. He's got to carry an extra 30 pounds around with him
And he's not trained. Here's a hot take. I don't think it would matter. I think mark could just take them
Just go straight in. Yeah. I don't think I'm mad at all
Just like
The training gap here is insane the like physical capability gap here is insane
Like it's not even it's not even sort of close. I don't know
No, we are not speaking in kilos. We are canadians. Um, so we have absolutely no rhyme or reason to the units we use
Uh, there's a flow chart. Um
Yeah, there's like every all the canadiens talk about things in this with the same metrics. Yeah, but
I don't know. Uh, here it is. How to measure things like a canadian
What are you measuring?
Speed metric yeah distance. Is it your height? Yes, imperial
Is it your height? No, is it a long distance?
Yes metric no, is it related to work?
No metric. Yes, imperial
Okay, hold on. This is actually true. I am actually not kidding so far. It's temperature. Is it for cooking?
Yes, Fahrenheit. Yep
No, is it the pool's temperature?
Yes, Fahrenheit. No, Celsius
Mass, is it your weight? Yes pounds. No, is it very happy? Yes
Volume is it for cooking? Yes cups and spoons. No
metric
That is so amazing. We are actually
Right up. We have no idea what's going on. That's amazing. It comes from being neighbors and one thing that's not included here
What are you measuring? Um, is it like an object? Um, because we always use imperial for construction because
We both use and export a lot of lumber to America
So all of our all of our lumber like I was blown away when I heard that you could buy lumber that was a
Three centimeter by six centimeter or whatever the hell a two by four is in metric
And that's what they build with in europe and I got screwed over
Because whatever they use for drywall in uh in europe is like a slightly different thickness than here
So the cool um acoustically isolating screws that I tried to use in my theater room that were from a european supplier
Were ever so slightly I think not long enough or something and couldn't go through the imperial drywall
Anyway, the point is our construction is also in imperial
Um, so I would never use centimeters to describe anything in terms of
sawing or cutting or screwing or hammering anything inches and feet all inches and feet
But then you ask me to think about anything farther than about
Oh
No, because lots of other trades use feet too. So I would never be able to estimate uh like painting a house
I did all of that in imperial
I'm pretty sure even when we ran the cable it was feet wasn't it?
Yeah
I know cables in both though. I'll use them interchangeably. Yeah, me too
Um, so this is why a lot of the time in our videos
We will give a measurement in metric or we'll give one in imperial and we will completely forget
It'll be inconsistent. Well, yeah, it there'll be it'll seem like there's no rhyme or reason to it whatsoever
and
All the way from the writer to the editor to the person who's like Q seeing the video all the way to publication
Nobody will even think to include a conversion because for all of us. How many feet in a meter? I don't know
what
I know like mentally about how much it is. I don't know if it's off my head because everything I do that actually matters for it
I do it in feet three
Okay, is it exactly? Yeah, see he doesn't know either come off it. I knew it was three something
I don't know the exact answer change. Yeah. Yeah, so six feet is a little under two meters. Yeah, but you can't like
Okay, how many cups in a liter? I don't know because the same reason
Hell's wrong
Okay, well, I know these things
Four cups to a liter four liters to a gallon. Is it exactly though ish? No, it's not
Don't worry about it. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. It could how many pounds to a kilo. I don't know
What the hell it's 2.2
But not exactly because it goes beyond the how many kilometers in a while. I don't know 1.6
But it's not exactly because it goes beyond the point. It doesn't matter
It does if you're giving it to them the fans that are gonna like things about the lab are gonna want exact conversions
Does it have to do with anything what do you mean?
No, I don't mean for the videos. I just mean you should know like to function. I know the rough stuff. Yeah, well then why don't you?
If you ask my dad he'll give you the actual exact thing. Oh my god, that doesn't matter
But that's why I just say like I don't know because if I say it wrong, he'll be like no and then give me the actual one
I'm like, oh, I don't care
I don't know. You just got to know this stuff like five mils in a teaspoon 15 mils in a tablespoon like you just
you just
When you grow up with it, I mean think about it
What's the difference between memorizing one asinine method of measuring things and another
Smarter but also, you know pretty complicated when you're when you're nine and you're learning it or whatever
Method of measuring just memorize both of them then who cares see like blue fahrenheit though
Blue furl said 3.2 feet in a meter, but it's actually 3.28. So it's more accurately 3.3
So like you're off. It's a food three dairy
What if it does fahrenheit? I cannot do though and it's funny because for the pool and like for the hot tub
I know it right like over 100 in the hot tub was hot enough that my aunt wouldn't let me get in
Yeah, you know, you know the points that like mean something. Yes. Yeah, but if you and and I know that I know that
like
100 degrees
Our 100 fahrenheit is like freaking hot weather. Yeah, like like unbearably hot weather and so I could kind of go
Okay, it's probably like 42 or something, but then because the units
It's
Don't like they get really similarly. Yeah
If I remember correctly google the google weather app could not display
69 degrees fahrenheit
And people thought they were like trying to avoid the funny number, but it actually turned out that when you convert from celcius due to like
Uh, how things round and whatnot. It never came out to 69 degrees fahrenheit. That's funny. So they had to like change how they
I think it would they were cutting off too many decimal points. Oh, they had to stop cutting off so many decimal points
So that they could actually get that was apple. Okay. Yeah, I don't know. I just read some article on it
I thought it was pretty funny people are quizzing me now. How many pounds to a stone. I don't know stone
Yeah, we don't deal with stone at all. We we never do stone is about 14 pounds to a stone
Is that right? Okay
For stone and seven years ago. Sorry. Uh, what we're talking about
I think it was the zuckerberg. Oh, yeah. Yeah, weight difference because they're they're 30 pounds. Yeah, roughly 30 pounds
So that's about 12 kilos. See, I don't need to know exactly
Yeah, they're about 12 13 somewhere in there 30 pounds 12
Seems accurate enough
Why don't we talk about amazon 20 kilograms? It's about 45 pounds
Yes, yeah, yeah, 44 44 point something
Amazon allegedly retaliates against critical news coverage. Uh, this was covered on dexerto
Ah, great. Hey, there you go. Amazon shuts down
Smart home after delivery driver. Miss hears racism from a doorbell
Wait, what is this?
Yeah, so loose rosman talked about this a while ago
I don't think we have a lot of notes about the actual thing that happened
But basically a doorbell the person wasn't even home the doorbell has a standard greeting and it is not racist
Are you sure the deliverable? No, actually the delivery driver had headphones in or on or whatever and they thought it was racist
So they reported it and amazon just like shut down
Their home devices. Wow. Yeah
I mean, I'm not saying that you should program your smart home to be racist. That would be stupid to be clear
I don't think they did no, I know I know like I'm not saying that that would be okay
But yeah, but for a company to have the ability to shut down your product that you bought
Because you allegedly and it has things to do with like home security and used it in such a way. Yeah
That is whoa mind-blowing according to the customer
He was locked out of all of his smart devices without notice for a week pending investigation and this is
Uh after they misheard a generic greeting from his yufi doorbell. Oh good yufi is back
No one was home at the time of the incident which rosman confirmed after being provided the customer's security footage
amazon later acknowledged this incident and said it was looking at ways to prevent a similar situation from happening again
So this wasn't even something that took place over an amazon owned like a ring doorbell
This is something that just an amazon
Driver complained about and they basically went okay your customer history
All your stuff. I guess by serial number is shut down. It's down. It's out. It's gone. Oh, no, I guess it would just be by account
Yeah, it'd be by account login
The week after his reporting rosman received an email from amazon saying that his application to the amazon associates program
Did not qualify and that his temporarily approved account has been rejected
Which he's had for eight years
The amazon email further accused lewis and I can tell you guys look I
I have not followed mr. Rossman around day and night for the last eight years
Looking over his shoulder monitoring his behavior
But as someone who knows him, I think well enough to say what i'm about to say
I'm gonna say what i'm about to say amazon accused rosman of using friends family and employees
To fraudulently purchase products for the sake of affiliate kickbacks. That is a f***ing lie
That is
Categorically false
I have never seen anything about lewis and his conduct that would lead me to believe that that is even
Remotely a possibility. Yeah
And i'll also say
Having had our own amazon affiliate program scare in the past
That the way that amazon chooses to enforce the rules and regulations of that program are scattershot at best
And I wouldn't put it past them
To target a particular creator with some kind of nonsense made up reason for ejecting them from the program
I don't know if you guys remember the drama that we went through. We only narrowly got our account reinstated
And the reason that we were that we were kicked out allegedly was because we said that
Um using our affiliate code helped support us
That apparently
Violated their policy because it provided something in kind for using our affiliate program what gratitude and they're like, yeah
And i'm sitting here going
Basically every twitch streamer has a banner under their channel. That's like support me by buying
S*** on amazon using my account. Oh, yeah
So well, what's with that?
And it was only after we showed them our substantial
Daily subscriber growth that they reconsidered our case and honestly
It was hard even getting to that point where we could talk to a real human being about the appeal
Um, so yeah based on my experience
I could see them having very
A very uneven approach to applying their
seemingly
Completely opaque set of rules like how was I supposed to know that based on how everyone else was using it and
I mean, I wasn't trying to get snitch, right?
But I did have to
Provide evidence that other creators were doing the same thing. None of them got their affiliate programs pulled which is good
Which is good, but also I should never have gotten mind pulled then
Yeah
ridiculous
To be clear we've had a pretty
smooth relationship with amazon over
I don't know the last while. Yeah, I just see the business team say that like they're doing good or something
That that's all I actually know about it these days
Um, and it's like it's all affiliate based like before I think or have they sponsored some stuff
They might have sponsored a video or two actually now that I think about it
So things have been pretty smooth for us
But it wasn't always like that and with the way that they just treat the affiliate program
Not as a discount, but as like a marketing exercise
I could absolutely see them being like this isn't worth it. Forget it. Just cut it off
Provide some bs reason. It doesn't matter
um
Yeah, that's
That's not cool. Um
Yeah, our discussion question
What's more plausible that lewis rossmann has been getting his employees to buy soldering tools on mass
For hundreds of dollars in kickbacks or that a petty middle manager at amazon revoked the affiliate count of an outspoken critic with 1.8 million subscribers
Yeah, it's kind of rough
I
Terrible terrible, maybe we can get bezos into the cage match
That'll be rossmann. That'd be pretty good. No, I don't think rossmann needs to fight bezos. He's pretty short. Oh wait
No, sorry. I meant the previous one. Yeah, I just make it like
You know, they'd fare a lot better if it was like an elon and bezos tag team versus mark
You think so? I don't think so
Oh, well, yeah, I don't know if bezos has actual like fight training though
Oh, yeah, but because you're in shape doesn't mean at least there's two no
I completely agree
But i'm saying at least there's two of them like increases chances a little bit you missed the uh like you missed the uh the arcade day
Yeah, he was sick. Um, but they had like one of those punching bags that like measures how hard it hits the thing
and
I was like very close to people who weigh like
20 30 percent more than me because it's so much of it is technique
Yeah, yeah, and so just because you're strong or heavy doesn't actually mean you can hit hard. Yeah, um
Yeah, I don't know. I don't know. I think I'd still take zuckerberg
Do you think you would take zuckerberg? No, oh heavens. No, I don't want to fight mark. I was like, whoa
I mean, give me like
Give me a year
Of like training. Yeah, like I'd have to actually train like I have to dial down work
Yeah, I have I have some martial arts background already. I wouldn't be coming from ground zero
I would really want to improve my flexibility and I'd really want to improve my stamina
And I really need to work on like ground
I was gonna say as far as my understanding goes
What you might want to work on is just intensely avoiding going to the ground because it takes a very long time
To learn jujitsu and I think he's been doing it for quite a while. Um, okay, so basically I just want to get focused on
And you have no like
Sorry, what is it? What is the thing that you do again? I don't I don't say what it is
Okay, that's fine because it's like kind of random. It's a combination of like
You do some kind of kickboxing stuff some taekwondo
I'd say probably it's most based on taekwondo, but none of the most none of it's grand, right?
You know, we do some grappling you do some grab some not much
Okay, very little at least you have some though because a lot of people will come with like no wrestling
No jujitsu and think they're just gonna like bear hug people and win and just get wreck. Oh, yeah, that's not how that works. Yeah
Um
It's been a long time though. It's been a very long time since I've done like any kind of grappling stuff
No, I'm not gonna I'm not gonna fight mark zuckerberg. That's just that's just not worth it. That's probably good
Uh, moving on though. Yeah, we've got to explain merch messages. Yes, you guys are probably seeing these down here
The way to interact with the show is not super chat. It's not twitch bits. It's a merchant messages
Oh, and we have some exciting new stuff for you guys to check out. So in the
Cart
When you're live, I never get that right. I never get that right when you're live
You will see a box for merch messages
So all you got to do is check out with anything one of the new items one of the old items
A gift card. It doesn't matter and you can leave a message for the show. It will go to producer dan
There he is and he's gone. Oh, no, there he is and he's gone
gone
Go on wave dan
Oh, damn it. Anyway, the point is it'll go to producer dan and it'll either end up down here. Hey, look, howdy dan
Hi, meet me. Yeah, indeed. It'll go down here or
It might get curated for us to respond to later and the best thing about merch messages
Is that if we don't get to your message? Hey, at least you get your order in the mail with
Potentially our new waffle hoodie. It's just like the waffle longsleeve
But now
It's a comfortable hoodie with a kangaroo pouch and a phone pocket
And it's comfy and it's warm and it's nice and you like it. That looks fantastic actually. Yeah
I'm gonna have to get one of those. This one's really nice. Uh, we also have why is this here?
I saw tim in the chat. Are you gonna are you gonna get a do a body hug tim?
You're gonna do it
Uh, there's a jerry-rig everything knife. Am I just supposed to talk about the restock? I don't know there was a restock
Also
Oh, this is fun
If you don't care what color water bottle you get you can now get a mystery water bottle in 21 or 40 ounces
Let's go. They're $10 cheaper. I think yeah, they're $10 cheaper. Wow. That's a really good deal
So help us get rid of our colors that don't sell very well
And help yourself save $10 on a super high quality insulated water bottle available in 21 or 40 ounces
Um other recent product launches and we've got our stick logs joystick covers. We've got our capacitor
style insulated water bottles
Oh, okay
If you want to get your hands on one of the upcoming noctua edition
Hello
Luke bug
Oh, it's here
If you want to get your hands on one of the noctua edition ltt screwdrivers
At launch and you don't want to wait a long time. You are going to want to sign up
Sign up for a notification so you'll get an email right when it's available
And hopefully you won't have to wait around through the like waves of delivery and whatever else
um
So get on get get get get get on that
So someone in full plane chat. I do enjoy benefiting financially. Sorry. It was zero point in full plane chat
I do enjoy benefiting financially by not caring about stuff
Sorry, I just really like that. Absolutely
Love it. Uh, oh also, uh, we have a hiring announcement
We are still in need of an engineering focused writer if you've got a solid grasp on both engineering and english, please apply
That's at linus media group comm slash
Jobs, I think it is. Yeah, also sometime next week. There will be a posting for a front-end developer going up
All right, two positions since we're doing all the internal news
Um, Dan's gonna collect a couple of merge messages for us to do real quick here
But first we have an LTX 2023 layout and booth info dump
Super exciting, uh
LTX 2023 brought to you by ASUS ROG and whale land powered by ubiquity
Okay, the layout is here graphic designers will make it easier to read
But here's what we've got ash kebes asus asus pc building workshop hdr versus sdr booths
So you can actually experience it black point cyber a cyber security workshop and sim racers
Cable mod is doing blindfolded cable management. That's going to be fun
Canada learns to code is doing a coding workshop canadian red cross is doing mario kart tournaments. Sure sweet
Coursera is doing there an iq demo gaming setups and giveaways
There'll be a cpu deleting and gpu repasting booth
ek water blocks is doing they're showing off the ek sim racer
So it's a super cool racing sim thing along with some fluid gaming setups epic games is going to have a water cooling workshop
Featuring ek water blocks. Oh, okay. So they're collaborating and they're going to have pc building simulator two stations. Oh my goodness
We are only a quarter of the way through. Okay. I'm not going to be able to read all of these
Inwin is doing dublee case building height is doing a space cadet pinball tournament of some sort or some kind of
Space cadet tournament thing. London drugs will be there. Sure
LTD store is doing um screwdriver building so you can build your own screwdriver mech.land is doing typing competitions
Oh, what else we got man? There's so much stuff here nzxt is sponsoring the triple lane case toss
We're going to have three lanes of case tossage this year. It's going to be freaking awesome
C sonic is going to have every version of windows so you can just like trial the different windows is in their booth
That's a lot actually. Yeah, the idea is that I think one out of every five people in the entire building can be engaged in an activity at any moment at any time
Whoa, that's the goal
We want to we want to minimize lines. We want to maximize engagement
So everyone who wants to have a booth here has to have an activation. That's fun. That's awesome
Star forge will be there including a very special pc for linus to react to
Interesting the hammer's got to be huge. Um vr rc cars v2 is coming four cars first person view racing. Let's go
Awesome. Um, yeah, there's there's a freaking lot and they said there's a layout, but I don't see it
Maybe it's on the site
Nope, don't see it. Okay, cool. Good chat everyone
Dan you want to hit us with a couple merge messages?
Sure thing. Yeah, I got a couple here for you
Linus you mentioned a couple of weeks back regretting naming the company after yourself
I had the same regret and wondered what other names you've pondered since
Nope
Because we still might need some of those. Yeah, that's a problem with that. We do have a couple of good ones
Oh, this could be a way for me to win the debate
I just leak all the ones that I don't like. Oh, that is so lame
That's how we end up with linus media group
That's not fair. That is fair because we wanted to change it. You said no
So that that actually is fair. Well, this isn't exactly how we ended up with linus media group. It's pretty close. Um
Hmm, it's pretty close. I'm sorry luke
I didn't know I actually can't remember any of them off the top of my head right now
And a quick search of my inbox did not bring up the one that I want
Which I thought might be also in an email chain with the ones that I don't want. Got them
Unfortunately, I'm not going to be able to do that. Honestly. I think I think austin's company name is really good
It's overclock media. I'm like, yeah, okay. It's sort of
Meaningless to anyone who doesn't know what it is, but it's super geeky and fun for people who do know what it is
I think something like that would be that's way better
Underclock media. Yeah, I mean if I was to do it again today, it would be yvonne umbrella corporation
yuck
And yvonne would hate it. Oh, yeah, she she hates that I talk about it even yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, she doesn't think it's funny. Yeah, I do
I continue to think it's funny then hit me with one more
Thanks for all your work feelings about parasocial perception to me when is spicy take dragon firebrand
gentle giant bird boy
and adult in the room
But I'm sure you're all much more complex
Well, um, who's the adult in the room? I really hope they were not referring to me. I really hope not either because I
Thought I was bird boy. I think I'm the lightest of the three of us
Some of you were loudest we were talking about that
I'd take care I do like sea shanties bringing you to the vet
His birds like sea shanties they do they do that's a good reference
Uh, wow, okay. Uh hit me with one more
Sure
Hey Linus and luke are there any specific tech innovations or developments on the horizon that you believe will
significantly impact the average consumer in the near future
Man, it's not so much the things that are on the horizon right now as the things that we've allowed to creep up on us
I think that that previous topic we just talked about where we don't own our devices and the companies that sold them to us can just
Turn them off at a whim whether it's a hardware product or whether it's a software product like a game
Oh, I'm sorry. You bought this for the multiplayer experience
Well, we turned off the servers and I guess you just don't get to play that multiplayer experience anymore
Oh, you thought maybe you would share it with your kids. Nope. They don't get to play it either
Nobody gets to play it. Haha. See you later. By the way, we've got a remastered one
That is bundled with the sequel that you can buy for full price
Or worse yet, we don't have anything and there's absolutely no way to to relive that joy
Um, you know that sucks
We don't want you playing that type of game right now because we need our new type of monetization to be the only thing that you can access
Yeah, there's there's stuff like um, there's a cyber tax going on from china right now on us infrastructure
and it's like
not
Actual shutting things down. It's just getting themselves in the system and then sitting there
What is this? Sorry? I'm not familiar with this. Can you explain it a little better than that?
Reading some articles recently on how there's there's constantly cyber warfare
From all of the countries to all of the other countries
So this is not like weird and i'm sure america is doing very similar things back. I'm not trying to be like oh china bad
um
But but but dictator what I have heard bill biden said
What I have heard recently is that there was recently a
fairly significant amount of chinese cyber attacks towards american infrastructure
Think like power stations sure stuff like that
Um, and they weren't trying to actively take anything down
They were just trying to get in the systems so that maybe they could if they wanted to right and I think if there was bad
Yes, and china needs to not do that. I think bad china in very stux net type of ways if there was
a a large future
World scale war
That was to happen that involved these big countries very directly
Those types of things would start happening in ways that I don't think anyone's ready for literally at all
Right like all of the power and all of the internet just being incredibly unstable in all of the places
Is something that
We're not ready for we're very used to stability all these other types of things
um
Yeah, I mean even a residential internet connection
I think about how often my internet goes down at home almost never compared to when I was a teenager
Oh, yeah, it was constantly down
It was it was a it was a a die roll whether it would connect or not
Yeah, the telephone line was the only thing back then that was like reliable
um
So things being super stable is something that I think we take for granted
And what what could throw that stability off? I think it's very wide ranging
um
So it might not it might not have to be some form of conflict or something like that
but all of these different infrastructure things that we have being network connected for
Simplicity's sake for ease of use for for all of these other variety of reasons
So if you're you're saying that if I don't want the wancho to get shut down right now, I shouldn't say taiwanza country
That's like hey, that might dude if the power went out right then
so
Hey give them time. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, they got only type so fast to it. Yeah. Yeah
um
Yeah, I don't know. I think that is an interesting thing though
Is that so many things are network connected at this point right people have network connected locks
right like
And and one of the things is when you have when you have something like a network connected door lock to your house
If all you use for a very very long time is like your phone or something to get into your house
You might start becoming
Less concerned about making sure that you have your backup key on you or whatever else
So like there's there's things that just get a little weird when those systems stop working in the way that they have forever
I I stopped carrying the like baller fancy key for the office for a long time
Because I was just like I will always get in with my oh the power's out
Yep, and then I just like I didn't have it and I had to drive all the way back home
Dig it out of whatever stupid. That's why my keychain weighs like four pounds
um
because I just
I've gone through it. I'm like no
No, I actually do need physical keys for physical locks. Yeah, um, but no, I get it type of stuff. Yeah 100 percent. Yeah. Yeah
Yeah
Not to doom and gloom it, but there we go. I just bought a mystery water bottle wondering if you would discuss taiwan
I mean, we're not exactly discussing it. But what that really that's on your wancho bingo
Not luke's mom calls
It's been a while for that one. I like throw my phone away these days. So that might be a little bit more difficult
Yeah, luke's phone causes so much
Like actually can't hold it near the mic. You won't hear anything. Yeah
All right, why don't we jump into del australia being found guilty of deceptive pricing not del
How could they do this to us?
An australian court has found del's australian subsidiary guilty of falsely marking computer prices as on sale
According to documents published by the court customers buying a pre-built computer online
We're given the option of an add-on monitor listed as 60 off
However, the discounted price was simply the full price of the product
The monitor had never been listed for the striked out price
Some customers were even misled into purchasing the monitors at a higher rate than they would have paid had they purchased the monitor by itself
The court claims that more than 5,300 add-on monitors were sold
with overstated discounts
Del has admitted to misleading customers and has been ordered to hire an independent compliance professional
And compensate any customers who bought the falsely labeled products. The court is currently taking
Commentary on what further penalties to levy against the company
Here's the thing first of all
I want to say shout out australia for actually enforcing this stuff. Yeah, that's awesome because canada for example
has laws that prevent you from just
perpetually having something on sale and
Fun story
Do you know why NCIX had a weekly sale?
So you could effectively do that
Yeah, so the sale would end so you probably like day night rotate some of the items but not all of them
The sale would end Tuesday night
Then Wednesday day
We'd sell basically nothing because everything was at rando stupid prices because they were just set by the system at some safe
We definitely won't lose money level
Okay, and then
Wednesday night at 6 p.m
Ideally sometimes it was late. We would launch the sale
Send out the email newsletter. I remember these and then
Rinse and repeat and rinse and repeat and you basically like only buy the bundles and stuff
And you only buy the things that are in the weekly sale because everything else is not priced properly. Oh by the way
Because people only buy what's in the sale
You just put everything that people want in the sale like man it got to the point where there were like 800 items
Oh, yeah, it's something stupid like that. You couldn't actually scroll through it
Like you'd have everything you'd have like packs of 25 blank CDs in the sale because
We needed to we needed to move them and having them at regular price, you know, wasn't effective because the site was unnavigable
Oh, so um, yeah, that that was why it was in case anyone ever got mad at us
But as far as I can tell nobody ever gets mad at anybody for it
Like think man the number of furniture stores. Oh, yeah in Surrey that literally have like
Faded going out of business banners hanging on like six years ago sometimes
Yeah, from just sitting in the sun for literally the better part of a decade. Yeah, um
I don't know man. I just
Anyway, that's cool. Shout out Australia for actually doing anything about this because it's stupid
Everything must go car dealerships. Yeah
Yeah
Yeah, everything must go eventually
And then we'll get yeah, we'll take it. We'll take your trade in. Yeah, take your trade and then that must go
Um, I I like it none of this none of this surprises me from del and I
Ah
And I'm I'm happy to see someone actually paying the price
I love that they have to compensate the customers directly
They don't say how much and they are seeking further information though. So well, how do you think they should do it?
Do you have any opinions on that? I've been trying to figure that out
I
Because I say compensate them, but they don't say compensate them by how much
Well, I would assume that they just need to I would assume they just need to pay back the extra
But then again, so the difference because they bought it at
Normal price. They just thought they were getting it. Okay. I have no idea how they would this would wreck them looking at the
Prices that I see on the screen, but it would be really great if they had to pay them the difference
Yeah, that'd be a lot of money is that'd be like five million dollars
Because it's a thousand dollar delta luke and there's five thousand add-on monitors that were sold with overstated discounts get owned
Don't do it again. Yeah, I mean
I
I think that probably doesn't make a ton of sense given that it's not like these people bought it at the inflated price
They bought it at regular price. They just just how do you how do you build the compensation package?
I have no idea. I don't know the answer
But I know that I'm happy they're doing something and that del's getting
And I'm happy that the compensation is going to the individuals
Personally rather than just being a fine that goes to the lawyers the government or lawyers that like
Yeah, oh you get two dollars. Yeah, but I'm the one who got screwed. Yeah, like where's my check? Oh three dollars for my class
That oh, thank you. Thank you. How much did the lawyers get? Oh millions. Oh cool. This is perfect. The system works. Yeah
Yeah, I don't know. I just I hope it's not nothing
because
Like I want del to feel it. Yeah, whatever amount that is sounds good. I hope they figure it out
All right
What do you want to talk about next Luke? Uh people were saying that the intel arc a770 was uh discontinued. That is not true
Intel has officially discontinued their arc a770
Limited edition graphics cards meaning like the ones that like they're making and stuff. Yeah, but board partner cards are still available
This is super normal
And people should stop freaking out
Yes
Yep, basically, I just don't think intel is interested in the low margin business of being an aib in the longer term
Uh, it was pretty obvious from the name
Limited edition that they intended to eventually
This particular 16 gig version of the a770 people are just so obsessed with trying to call the skies falling on on intel arc
Um
But it's not so honestly. I'm surprised it lasted this long
That's either an indication that it took a little bit longer for them to build up aib like add-in board partner
relationships or that they
Had a lot or yeah, or that they were selling really slow
Compared to how many of them they had. Yeah, I'm not sure. I'm not sure which way this went but it probably
wasn't intel was selling too many a770 le's and just
It's too profitable. We can't shut it down
Yeah, probably not the problem. Yeah, probably not so much
um
What are we supposed to do? Oh, we should do sponsors
Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, whoa. Whoa. There's so many topics. Okay. Let's get through them quick. The show is brought to you by
By oh boy jump jump
Managing it systems can sometimes feel like hurting cats
But imagine you had some kind of central cat control center
In this metaphor the cat control center is our sponsor jump cloud jump cloud is an open directory platform
Uh, no, I didn't you missed a line. I did not does it not in there? No
Jump cloud is an open directory platform
It can centralize your technology stack across identity access and device management
You can use jump cloud to handle identities and access with maximum ease and maximum security
And they've got support for mac windows and linux. So no matter the platform jump cloud has your back
In the device management tab you can provide user access apply policy configurations or run commands
Allowing you to decrease your it expenses and ongoing costs and scale your organization with confidence without massive tech overhead
And infrastructure or people so try jump cloud today using the link in the video description
The show is also brought to you by kudos
Can't remember which credit cards offer which rewards at which places?
Well, if you can't you've been throwing free money away and you need kudos our sponsor
kudos is a free shopping extension for your computer and iphone that helps you get the most cash back from your credit cards
The best thing about kudos is that you can double your rewards across 15 000 sites at stores like walmart levis
Hello fresh and more
So let's say you usually earn three percent on hotel reservations via price line
If you shop with kudos, you'll now get six percent back
Yeah, wow really? Okay, the average kudos user has saved over 750 dollars a year
They say so don't wait use code when to get kudos for free by clicking the link below or going to join kudos dot com
For our european viewers. This may seem super weird, but in north america
It's normal to use credit cards even if you do have money. I know it's weird. Anyway
The show is also brought to you by zoho one
Zoho one takes the essential elements of any business like accounting marketing hr
And combines them into one unified operating system
They're easy to use interface keeps the tools organized
So you can send out purchase orders create marketing campaigns and manage shift scheduling all in a few clicks
Their cx dashboard helps you identify where you need to improve your customer experience and with their app
You can run your business from anywhere. Follow the link below to try zoho one for free for 30 days with no credit card required
All right
Wait, we have to do merge messages now, but there's so many topics dan
There is when we didn't respond to the doc. They just prepped all of the topics. I see
That's kind of on us. Uh, yes, uh, that's on you. I replied once I had the day off yesterday. Oh get on
Well, I
Did my best
That's all we can ask for. All right hit me with a merge message. Sure thing
Uh linus when you got the pie in the face during your last live stream, did you feel like mrs. Doubtfire for a moment?
Uh, yes
mrs. Doubtfire, but with more crust and not just uh the cream
There was a lot of chunkies
I smelled a lot like pie
My whole face smelled like pie like all the beard and everything
We did a guess the price wrong and get punished stream
A lot of you probably haven't seen it. It seems like there's been some differences in
The rate at which youtube serves out live stream vods
So they used to get a bit of a harder push right out of the gate
And then the slow burn and now it seems like they don't really get much of a push out of the gate
And they're just a slow burn so over the next six months
You'll probably see it recommended to you and youtube and then I guess click it then or whatever
Um, but yeah, it doesn't have a lot of views yet
But it's been it's what's quite well received and a lot of people have said it's like one of our best streams ever
Basically, I had to build a computer
But the catch is that I have to guess the price of every component
And if i'm off by more than 10 percent, I get a I spin a punishment wheel
And if i'm off by more than 20 percent, I spin a worse punishment wheel
And if i'm off by more than 30 percent, I spin a really bad punishment wheel
Let's just put it this way. I spun the 30 a lot of times
Wow, I was actually going to say I'm assuming you did pretty good
Well, they went out of their way to pick stuff that was really hard to guess. There's one that I flubbed
I just
I moved price tiers on myself
I went okay, core i7 is like 400 and change core i5 is like 260 to 280
Okay, but that was back when core i7 was the top of the range and also a while ago. Yeah. Yeah, so it was uh
It was a core i7 and I went step down core i5
Yeah, or wait, was it a core i5 I can't remember it was something the point was it wasn't what I thought it was
And I forgot that we have a core i9 tier
I just completely spaced because I was hosting a stream and trying to guess a thing and it had been a long day
Week month 10 years
Um, and I just completely spaced on it
And that was supposed to be the easy one. So I was off by more than 30 right out of the gate
I got a dollop of hot sauce to bomb
Yeah, so I was feeling that yesterday
I heard it was hot sauce. I didn't realize it was like hot hot sauce. I always assumed it was going to be something
It wasn't Tabasco. Yeah. Yeah, the lower tiers were a weaker hot sauce. Um, anyway, so yeah, it was a dollop of
Most people do like one drop. Oh, it was a lot more than a drop. Yeah, it was it was it was some
Um, so then right out of the gate, I did terrible and then most of the items they picked were designed to be difficult to guess
So for the motherboard, for example, it was like a sonic the hedgehog themed board from azeroc. Oh
How much would that cost? I have no idea. No idea
Yeah, that's about what I said. It was it was 250. Wow, that's a lot. The thing is it could go any direction
It could be a ton because it's super limited edition and
And it like lights up with a crazy produced only a few of them and they're super in demand
It makes a coin or it could be basically nothing because they produced a few of them and nobody bought them
And they just discounted them to get them out trying to get rid of like I don't know
I don't know how much demand there is for a sonic the hedgehog motherboard. Yeah, that's ridiculous
So there was a lot of stuff like that
They be trolling you
Yeah
Linus didn't chew the hot sauce
You need to or it burns your stomach. What on earth are you talking about?
Also, the number of people that were like Linus, don't drink water. It makes it worse
I don't know. Maybe for you
Water definitely helps for me. It's just like
Oh, uh, we had an acoustic panel just fall off the ceiling it
Just about hit Dan
So that's funny. I mean, it's not as funny as if it did hit
That would have been great
They're not heavy. Don't worry. Wow. Um, what was I saying? Uh hot sauce water you find it helps
Yeah, yeah, I find it helps even it even just like the cooling like the soothing people are like, but it spreads the capsaicin
Like that that doesn't bother me spreading it out. It's more better. Yeah. Um, and like yes. Yes milk works better
Where the f*** am I gonna get milk?
I'm at work
I'm not at home
Just like the number of people like
Yes, I know
I'm at work. Uh, yes, my mouth is burning. Let me drive to the grocery store
Just the kind of like pompous like
Yeah
Go back to reddit. Oh wait got them. They're spilling out. Yeah
Uh, no milk at the office. WTF. Why would there be milk at the office? Like creamers maybe but milk. Why?
Yeah
That'd be a little weird. Anywho
Um
Get milk for work
No
Why?
Like what are you guys even talking about milk is good. So what so buy it at home. Yeah and drink it there. Yeah
Yeah, no, we're not providing milk
What do I look like to you a cow?
That was so much worse
Oh man, you guys are killing me
What
What are we supposed to be doing right now? I have to read you another merge message. Okay
I I will try to read you
Lightest milks himself on my bingo card. I just
Why don't I want a cup of coffee now?
Okay, let's uh
Okay, whoo. All right, I listened to the way
I really didn't see that coming
Who got a bingo post-in chat?
I listen to the wanjo every week despite not being subbed to any lmg channels
Have you noticed any similar trends of people regularly consuming lmg content without being in the larger ecosystem?
Absolutely. I mean the proportion of subscribed versus not subscribed viewers has gone down over the years and
Like for okay. Here's another here's another sort of supporting piece of of evidence
Over probably about the last
Six months. I don't know. I'd have to double check to be sure but over an extended period of time
We've seen an uptick
in channel views
Without the traditional corresponding uptick in subscribers
I think a lot of people just don't care anymore. They know it like barely does anything and they just don't even bother interact with it
Yeah, the numbers the numbers just don't really seem to have much to do with
The kinds of ratios that they used to have like that. I don't know. I just I can't really find a pattern to it
um
We don't actively call out subscriptions as much anymore
But then when we stopped doing that it made effectively zero difference whatsoever
Because there's like the the noise there is pretty intense too. You get callouts for subscriptions in every single video
So you just start ignoring it. It reminds you of the like, oh, yeah, I should click on something else now
Some channels see a big uptick in subscribers from shorts. We've had some shorts go
pretty successful ish
Negligible absolutely nothing like no impact. Uh, I I don't know. I just I just don't know what I don't know
I have to tell you guys other than that clearly you don't care about subscribers or like being subscribed to channels and
You're depending more and more on youtube recommendations
YouTube, you know for you and all that kind of stuff
And that's a double-edged sword right like on the one hand. It's allowed us to reach a much larger audience than we otherwise would have been able to
I mean even
When subscribe subscriptions were more important. They still weren't that effective people just get fatigued right?
They don't they don't want that many notifications if you're subscribed to more than like half a dozen
Maybe a dozen youtube channels. You're gonna be like, eh screw this like forget it's too much
Right, so you can't get a notification
Anytime a channel that you follow does anything
And so it allows you to reach these people who are either not subscribed or are subscription fatigued, right?
But then the flip side of it is that if you are not performing in a way that is favored by
the uh, the way that youtube serves
content to the audience
That's my way of saying the algorithm
Um, because youtube will say it's the audience and I will say
Right, but can you explain to me why a live stream vaude
Follows a very different curve from a regular video upload
Surely that could not purely be audience preference
right
Crickets
so there's definitely an algorithmic component to it, but
What i'm trying to say is if you no longer appeal to the way that youtube recommends content to the audience then
You're not gonna perform. Uh, we are on our way into a very deep trough
And honestly a big part of it feels like kind of a hangover
I've started to notice this for many years. Our growth was slow and steady. We just built the back catalog
Built evergreen content that would I don't know. Maybe it's only 200 views a day
Maybe it's only 100 views a day
But more than zero views a day
Just built up and built up and built up so our daily viewership went
Grow grow grow grow grow grow and then
It's gotten more turbulent. It's down. It's up. It's down. It's up. It's down. It's up. It's down. It's up
And I think part of that is just being kind of saturated like I can't talk to a tech savvy person who has never heard
of any of our channels
They exist
But it's pretty unusual these days. So I think part of it is like a saturation
And part of it is just like a natural interest cycle
You know, we'll go through a period where the channel is
Everywhere and it's probably all over your recommended and you're probably watching a ton of the videos and then
I don't know. It's like I love zero punctuation
When's the last time I watched one? Yeah
Yeah, I just I leave it alone for a bit and then like I'll go back and binge it or like a
I'm that way with tv shows and stuff as well. Like I just
kind of fall off and then
I'll go back to it or
Sometimes I won't and that's just sort of like the natural the natural cyclone. So right now
We're
We dipped today to a level that I don't think we've seen in like a couple of years
But then we're coming off of some highs that we hadn't seen
In a couple of years and I think it's just uh
Yeah, it's a natural thing. I think part of it is that yesterday's video sucked
Just that did wow did that ever not perform?
But part of it is also just that
Interest waxing and waning because we've uploaded some really good content in the last little bit
That hasn't performed well either and I think is just going to be a slower burn as it gets served to people
The only you can fix gpu pricing. Here's how video is like really good. The feedback on this is
Amazing people love it. They're like, this is like mini scrapyard words. This is awesome like 98 and a half percent like dislike ratio
People clipped you yelling at yourself
That happens like pretty early on I had at least
Like I don't know eight plus people send that to me. Yeah, like that that was extremely
Like that was one of the worst performing videos out of the last couple of weeks
Uh, which is yeah, it's like remarkable to me. Uh, the framework factory tour is awesome
That'll do well in the long term, but it was a below average performer. So there's just no, um
Yeah, yeah, it's tough. Um, then we had the the apple event, which was honestly speaking a video we threw together
I wasn't even in office that day. I had to review the script in like 20 minutes. Um, and it's got like 3 million views
It's a top. It's a top performer. So I do have to wonder if there's a little bit of like that video was everywhere
And then people are just like, uh, you know, uh, oh, we are that guy again. Okay. I'll get I'll catch up later
I don't know it. So it's always like that, right?
um
So we'll see
See how it goes
Got some pretty good ideas for some stuff coming up and we'll we'll we'll get back to it, but
It's a it's a wild
It's a wild ocean that we are that we're swimming in. I forget what the point of all of this was. Where did we start?
Genuinely don't know a merch message. Oh, yeah, do people watch channels. They don't subscribe to right, right, right, right, right
Yeah, that's a funny thing too. I see that often
Is there'll be like a wave of comments people will be tweeting at me or commenting or whatever like man
I didn't get this video in my subscription feed. I I feel like I haven't been getting your videos lately
And then they'll come seeking us out again. And then the channel momentum will swing up and I'm like
Okay, well, I didn't do anything different
yeah
I'll find that sometimes like I feel like I click on a creator every time I ever see one of their videos
I really enjoy their stuff
And then I'll I'll go like wait. I haven't seen a video from this group in a while or whatever
Let me go look what what they're doing. It's like, oh, they've been doing
Twice a week uploads for the last six months and I just haven't noticed so you go and you binge a few and then
It's nothing but that and everything. Yeah, it's like, well, okay. Hold on. This is a bit much. Yeah
Yeah, and then it keeps going
Yeah
Hit me with one more dan and then we'll get on to some more topics that sounds great
Okay, let's see. Hey, lld. Thanks for another awesome show after seeing the we head video. I'm curious
Where do you see communications technology in 10 to 20 years? What do you think will be the next big leap?
I mean, I think that this
10 to 20 years is a lot
But in the next five years, we are almost certainly headed to some form of metaverse style communication
I mean you look at the way that apple's moving face time onto the tv
You look at the way that
Meta and apple are trying to get us interacting with a with a headset something that sits
Right in front of our eyes. If it's not augmented reality, which is a funny thing
Do you notice apple refuses to use the term ar?
grow up
It is
Spatial computing stop
enough
Anywho
What I can't I can't tell you what it'll be for sure
But what I can tell you is it won't be the we head
Have you seen this thing luke?
Uh, I have not watched this video, but I've had a bunch of people message me about it. I saw someone
Uh, they sent me a photo of me on this thing in this seat
They like photo edited it and they're like, this is how you have to like telecommute into wancho moving forward
And I was like, what the heck are you talking about?
What the heck it looks so weird?
It's like someone like wanted to go into the uncanny valley and just make something that's uncomfortable to look at
Like intentionally hold on we've got me on it later
um
Where is it?
Oh my goodness. No, we've got jake delavance. Yeah, this is amazing. Like it just it looks so bad
He can nod
Like what the heck? Oh my goodness. I feel like it wants to eat me like yeah
I am powered by human meat. Um anywho
Yeah, it's not the we head. I think it's gonna it's it's gotta be displays bolted to your face and
Whether that gets broadly accepted or not
That I don't know but it's the direction everyone's kind of trying to go right now
I want to go in the direction of another topic
What do you want to talk about Lou? I'm responding to a merge message, but I will pause that and jump over. Um
We kind of talked about dpr review living on last week. Did we uh, you mentioned it
I don't think we really talked about it, but you know, I don't think I did
Did you just mention it to me off the wancho? No, I said I know I said it was like gone. I didn't know this
Oh, what how did I know this then? I don't know, but this is amazing
DP review
The digital photography review website was supposed to seize publishing in april as part of mass layoffs at amazon
However, the site continued publishing over the intervening months and apparently it's been abot by gear patrol an independent tech review site
Uh, they officially acquired them as of this week
DP reviews editor in chief released a statement saying that the site will continue to operate as it did before
With all editorial coverage and site features remaining the same and all historical content accessible
This is amazing for photography nerds and gearheads and well, those are synonyms
Whatever the point is dp reviews current staff will keep working though
It does not appear that employees that left due to the announced closure have been invited to resume their positions
Former site editor ganon bergett responded to the news by saying he was happy for his former colleagues and for the preservation of the site
Me too, but was also critical of amazon handling of the situation
Uh, you should figure this sort of stuff out before shutting down an entire division of the company
Not in hindsight after weeks of backlash and leaving freelancers to scramble for new gigs agree 100 percent
This was just meant to be a small update, but i'm super happy to see this
People are saying I thought you were going to buy them. No, I I have to confess
I just saw the way that amazon unceremoniously announced that it would be shut down
And I assumed they weren't interested in an acquisition and I didn't even reach out
yeah, it's something I could have potentially been interested in but
The opportunity never presented itself because I didn't think to pursue it. I just was like, no, well, it's dead
um
That sucks
Meanwhile the ftc sues amazon for tricking customers into prime subscriptions
Can you get tricked into a prime subscription?
Um, sort of actually I will defend that a little bit. We're going to talk about dark patterns. Are we yes?
All right, luke's going to talk about dark patterns. So dark patterns snack
Okay
He wants to get it himself dan. Okay, uh, so a dark pattern is a confusing or misleading
Uh user experience that leads you to do a thing that the company wants you to do and not a thing that you want to do
um
Prime subscriptions are oh wow. We're doing this. Hey, how's it going?
This feels a lot more intimate for some reason
Prime subscriptions are known for this because of how persistent they are in trying to get you to sign up for it
And by offering free sign up
at the beginning
But the worst part in my opinion is that it is ridiculously hard to cancel
um, and that
I don't know why this is a thing
But I know a surprising amount of
Old people, uh, who end up with multiple of them, right like a lot of people. I don't know why
But it's been a thing
I have I genuinely no idea why that one. I genuinely don't understand. I will say this
I know a surprising number of they call it dark patterns. Yeah, that's what lana said older relatives that, um
Have more than one email address
Because they use their isp-provided one
Which I would say is a dark pattern in and of itself sort of
In that it's a way to lock you into using this particular isp forever and
Has no benefit whatsoever as far as I can tell
Anyway, so they will often have an isp email address because I don't know
They think they're supposed to use it or something and then they will also have a not stupid one
Um, whether it's like an outlook or gmail or like
Proton mail, I don't know. It doesn't matter the point. I don't know any older people with a proton mail account, but
The point is um, they'll often have more than one
So maybe that's part of how they end up
With multiple prime accounts as they just like have these random
email accounts
I know some of them too
And this is more of a thing for canadiens because like 80 of us live within what is it 50 kilometers of the border or something like that?
um, but
A fair amount of it is the confusing way that amazon deals with
different countries
Because you can like have the same
login
But also not no, yeah, creating multiple accounts. Yep, and you can have a prime for both countries
But it's not necessary
And like I didn't even know I don't think it is. I don't know. I don't actually use amazon
Well your prime for it's definitely not necessary if you are an american because everything that's on the canadian one is going to be on the american one
So you should just use the american one
Yeah, I just don't think there's a benefit to prime if you are canadian anyway because they're not going to ship for free to canada
So from the american one. Yeah, yeah, I don't know but like I I
Don't know I don't get it
I don't use amazon
But I do know a lot of people that end up getting really screwed over and have a bunch of prime accounts and yeah
People in shatter people in shatter pitching in yeah
I live in the eu and I have an eu account, but I accidentally have a us account for audible and prime
Yep
Yeah, I I had a hard time remembering which email I had signed up for um kindle unlimited
which
Good service. I like it, but
I it took me like four times logging in to figure out which one and if I if I didn't remember that I definitely freaking had one
It I could have I could have accidentally signed up for another one. Yeah. Yeah, I could see that
I mean, that's how we're going to achieve limitless growth with capitalism
Instead of instead of having every customer once we'll have every customer twice
This is the way
That's amazing
Anyway, did we actually talk about the the ftc thing yet?
No, okay, cool. Wait, what ftc thing?
They sued amazon on wednesday for making it easy to accidentally subscribe to their prime service with a labyrinthian
process to cancel the lawsuit actually what the lawsuit alleges that amazon knowingly tricked millions of americans into signing up for their prime
Subscription using manipulative coercive or deceptive user interface designs. So these are dark patterns
Did you know this was in the dark? I had no idea this was in the dark. I left you here to do this topic
And then there were no snacks
So now i'm doubly angry. Wait, there are snacks. They're in the kitchen
There are snacks in the kitchen. Oh
all right
The ftc said amazon prompted customers to subscribe to prime
Repeatedly and made it hard to find the button to proceed without subscription during checkout
That's how people could end up with a bunch of these because if they just happen to be browsing the site
And they just happen to enter a different email this time. Oh, I don't have it
Likewise amazon purposefully made prime's cancel cancellation page difficult to find
The cancellation process would then bombard customers with offers that are intended to change their mind over the course of several
unnecessary cancellation steps
according to the lawsuit this lengthy cancellation process was known internally as
The iliad after the 15 hour epic poem that recounts the events of the trojan war
According to the commission the primary purpose of the prime cancellation process was not to enable subscribers to cancel
But rather to thwart them
amazon has said these claims are false on the facts and the law and that by design
We make it clear and simple for customers to both sign up for and cancel their prime out. It is better now
It was really bad for a bit. I remember this. I remember when I had to cancel my my grandfather's after he passed away
I remember being legitimately like
Needing to actually focus because I was like it's really really trying to get me to press the wrong button here
And I had to press the right button many times and they would switch what side it was on
And they would change which one was highlighted and they would do all these little things
So you had to like really make sure and they would change it would be like
No, I do want to cancel
Or it would be like or they would they would switch which one said no and why and like all it was very very
Okay, well, maybe I remember wrong. Okay, this was a while ago. This was a while ago. Well, it wasn't that long ago
I was thinking a whileer ago. Okay. Yeah, like
So I haven't tried that recently now that I think about it. I just I thought I had to cancel one
A little while ago and it wasn't that bad. I don't know guys
It's like if if you're if you're someone who's expecting these things. It's fine. You can get through it
But the main thing that was standing out to me was like no wonder my grandpa couldn't cancel this
There's like there's no way it would have been such a mess
Yeah, I don't know
If you have to call someone about tech support problems, they're like not going to be able to cancel
Okay, this might be a hard conversation, but your grandpa was pretty with it. He was like when I
met him, which wasn't that long ago like
And he was actually decently like technical and stuff. Yeah, but it was a crazy loop of long forms
Is this like a cultural thing almost like when he was young
Was it just simple to cancel a service? And so he's just like not used to this gauntlet, you know
you would have had to like call the the the
listicle company
The list they didn't have computers. Did you just say listicle? You mean a switchboard?
No, because they made like
Listicle newsletters and also
Zines and also magazines. You mean zines magazines zines. What the hell is a zine zines are a thing
What is a zine a zine? Okay. Do you guys know what he's talking about?
Is he intentionally using gen z slang? No, I'm not I'm intentionally using really old school stuff a zine is a
most commonly
This is a weird way of saying this a zine is a most commonly
I'm adding the word a because I'm really dyslexic
A zine is most commonly a small circulation publication of original or appropriated text and images more broadly
The term encompasses any self-published unique work of minority interest usually reproduced via photocopier
I'm pretty sure it's zine. I think it's like short for magazine like a short small magazine. You are correct
Okay zine. I don't okay good to know I have a hundred percent heard it called zine
Well, maybe they were all so wrong. Maybe they couldn't figure out how to cancel an amazon subscription
Oh, no luke any who
um
Here's what I want to know
Where does the line fall and I'm not saying what amazon's doing is okay
It's like definitely not okay if I want to unsubscribe from a mailing list if I want to cancel a subscription
It should be one button at most two
And are you sure is fine anything more than that unacceptable
But where is the line like should a cable company be allowed to even have a retention department?
You know like is it okay to give me an offer is the offer okay?
Hey, uh, keep it and we'll give you the next two months for free like is that okay?
And like how what is okay? Yeah, it's like open negotiation is no longer allowed
How many times should I be allowed to say it's how many times should I have to say no? I'm not interested
I want to cancel
Is is is once
Enough and they shouldn't be allowed to say or do anything. It's twice. I mean twice is probably fine. You know
Are you sure? Yes. What if I offer you this? Well now it's three times. Is that too many? What what's the line you guys?
Yeah
Because I think this is almost a uniquely like internet problem
Because if you called in I mean try to try to get out of a car salesman's office once they've like pulled you into the office
I think this is absolutely an in person. I've just literally just got up and left. Yeah, but you're rude
Yeah, but
What I'm saying is like if you don't want to buy that car you can actually just physically remove yourself
You can if if you they're trying to keep you from doing for sure
If you call in to something and you say I want to cancel
This is my details. I want to cancel and they're like, oh, I'm gonna counter offer you
You should be able to say no, I don't care. I want to cancel. Goodbye and it should be done
um
But I mean it likely won't be I guess
Yeah, and I guess the difference is that in the car scenario
You're the one they need something from you. Not the other way around. Yeah with the cancellation
I need something from them. So I can't simply disengage from this
Interaction. I have to see it through. So what would be a more fair?
I I like the idea of having a third button
Um, I don't know if this is enforceable or not, but having a third button. That's just like
I genuinely do not care. You could offer me the moon
cancel it. Hmm
moon cancel
No, I'm pretty sure I'm still not interested or like
Definitely. No
Okay, okay
Interesting
Just cancel to the moon
Oh, man, just don't get as canceled as under the sea might get you
Moon's okay
Dad's dad's trying to move us on
That's probably for the best
AMD
Appears to restrict DLSS support in sponsored AAA titles. This is a weird one. I don't think it's confirmed right now
It's more just scuttle butt
But since the release of both Nvidia's DLSS and AMD's FSR a pattern seems to have emerged
First that DLSS has been adopted at a far faster pace in part due to the friendlier tools and ease of use and second
That AAA titles sponsored by AMD are far less likely to get DLSS support than the other way around
AMD gave a broad statement pointing out that there are some games with DLSS support
But no FSR support and saying that they are
Committed to doing what is best for game developers and gamers
And that they give developers the flexibility to implement FSR into whatever games they choose
But Nvidia was quite a bit more specific saying Nvidia does not and will not block restrict discourage or hinder developers from
Implementing competitor technologies in any way
We provide support and tools for all game developers to easily integrate DLSS
If they choose and even created Nvidia's streamline to make it easier for game developers to add competitive technologies to their games
And you know, that's all a lot of like sort of corporate bull speak, but
The games list kind of um
Speaks for itself. It really does actually so we've got bundle partner Nvidia. We've got
almost across the
Board there are some that are AMD that has both. Yeah, and there are there's one from Nvidia that does not support FSR
Um, but the vast majority of the AMD bundle partner games
Do not support DLSS in spite of some of them being like unreal engine games that
Probably could support it pretty easily. How does world of warcraft not support either of these things?
Why is it even on here if it doesn't support? Oh, because it's AMD. Yeah build burners
um
I don't know what to say about this
Other than hmm
I don't
Like it. We should have we should have the option to choose what upscaling technology we want to use
Um, is there some pattern in like?
The reddit thing is continuing in other news
Uh, yeah, a bunch of subreddits set themselves to not safe for work friendly and loosened their
not safe for work
Uh guidelines around sexual content. Uh, this was to
Supposedly like reduce reddit's ability to target ads at the users in these subreddits and monetize those users
And an apparent crackdown a number of monitors from subreddits that recently set to not safe for work were removed and locked out of their accounts
Several forums with over a million members are now completely unmoderated. Um
Reddit has refused to comment beyond saying that it is not acceptable for moderators to falsely label content as nsfw
Or encourage nsfw content in previously safe for work spaces. This next point is my favorite
Meanwhile other subreddits such as r slash political humor have voted to make all members moderators in response to reddit's
CEO steve huffman calling moderators landed gentry that ignore the desires of rank and file users
everyone
Oh, that's amazing when everyone's a monitor
A monitor and when everyone's a moderator, no one will be know it's pronounced zine Linus
um
Yeah, I don't know the last topic we absolutely must do before we get into when show after dark. Yes
eve online
Uh, yes now has native support for microsoft excel
Tell me about how tell me how this makes you feel. It's actually awesome. Um, you don't even have to pay for it
It's a free plugin for the game. It's so sweet
Eve online. Yeah, it's just great. I don't know if you don't know anything about eve
It might not make a lot of sense. You can absolutely play eve without ever touching a spreadsheet
Uh, but many people that do play eve do a lot of things in the game
Especially if you're an economy player, which is a lot of the people that play eve
Um, that are I mean you're gonna do better if you use your spreadsheets
so
So players will be able to create custom reports graphs and charts to organize and derive insights from their in-game
Data eve online players were reportedly thrilled when the partnership was announced
As many of them were already using excel to manage in-game information
Discussion question is an eve online subscription now a valid work expense
No
Hey, why not? No jessica. It's not
Eve has often been called a spreadsheet simulator. So now do we just call it a spreadsheet?
I guess so
And now do we call this
Wancho after dark? I think so. I think we do. I think we have to because we're running out of time
Best selling item today mystery 40 ounce water bottle
I'm into it. Oh Dan's on it
Okay, I'm going top to bottom
um
Oh, wow, there's still a lot of merge messages Dan
Why are your fingers not on fire more?
From type piping faster
Okay, let's see. Where are we?
Hi DLL. It's is it more beneficial to be a jack of all trades in the world of tech or a master of one
Thanks guys. I love everything you do man. Both of them both are both are good both
I mean, why not both? Yeah. Well, no no seriously though like being a special. Okay. We talked about this a while back
Uh, man, it was like super super old
Someone asked they they were only familiar with like this like really old programming language or something
Yeah, something like that and they were like, hey, what can I do to modernize my credentials?
And I think luke gave really good advice there because being a specialist in a niche is
Absolutely valuable. In fact
It's it's going to be like a bathtub shaped curve here, right? So the more the more generalized you are
The more valuable you become because all of a sudden you have
Insight and you have context some new technology comes out and you can automatically be on it to pull together
Well, I'm thinking from like a management standpoint even though like to pull together disparate teams and
Turn all the things that they're working on into a single cohesive product like that is
Super valuable. That's how you succeed in business, right? But then over on the and then you've got people that are like
Pretty good at a few things and it's like, okay, right
But your experience is too narrow and you're not really a subject matter expert
And then you've got people who are like super uber specialists at like
Animal recognition machine vision stuff or something. I don't know. I'm picking something completely out of thin air here
Because my point is just that
to the right customer
If you are the freaking best at that
Leaks basically you've write your own check, right? Like you just you just tell them how much it costs
And if they want the best implementation
Well, then they have to hire you and that that's all that's kind of all there is to it
I would say I would say both are good. Um, but
Pick one don't land in the middle if you can avoid it. Yeah, like I specifically mentioned cobalt
I don't know if this is the one that the person was skilled in
But I just googled it because I was wondering
And there's a statement here that's it's difficult to make it through a day without using a system that depends on cobalt
And you're like what most people have never even heard of this and it's like, yeah a lot of banks
Run on systems developed rain maker and twitch chat says if you're a cobalt master apply it places like micron
They still use it and you make silly money
You make ridiculous money because no one coming out of school is like, oh, I'm gonna go learn cobalt
So the amount of people that are still in the workforce that know it is only going down dropping. Yeah
Yep, so like yeah, whatever and there's always going to be legacy stuff like
Until I don't even know if they've updated it. Isn't the nuclear football like using technology from like 1960 or something
Yeah, I remember hearing something about that. Yeah, maybe it's been updated now
But you'd be amazed at what kind of tech they're running in like a nuclear silo for example
I was talking to the floppy distance stuff the folks that um a data recovery company that we worked with a while back
We're saying like
You would be surprised
the kinds of hard drives that we're expected to not just
recover data from sometimes
But also maintain a working stock of replacements for because of the kind of organizations and the kind of money
They have to keep this ancient machinery running yet. You'd be
amazed
I don't know how old this article is. Yeah
Oh 2019
It was revealed in the event that if the u.s. President ordered the launch of a nuclear warhead the command would rely on an
eight inch floppy disk
Or a series of them at least
Wow, yeah
Good grave. Those are the old school ones and we're talking floppy disks. I told my wife. This is eight inches, but it's actually more like this
That's a lot
Yeah, yeah, so like
Yeah, I don't know
Not saying that modernizing is a bad thing either. I'm just saying you don't have to you can try to find a niche where you're at
Yeah
And no, I am not necessarily recommending that you person in university right now learning
Programming languages should just drop everything and learn kobol. That is not that wasn't the point. It's not the point
Yeah, another one
Yeah, what are some more obscure innovations that might have succeeded if they had been open or standardized or regulated?
Instead of proprietary daisy chainable rgb fans rgb and backside mobo connections come to mind
Hmm obscure innovations that might have succeeded if they'd been more
Open and less proprietary
I don't I
I mean, okay memory stick kind of comes to mind
um
if sony hadn't
Been such a if sony hadn't built such a such a closed ecosystem around their flash memory standard
Maybe it could have been more broadly successful, but
I feel like the spirit of your question was almost like a product
category like portable flash memory absolutely did succeed
Because the open standard ultimately won right so we ended up with you know sd
um
So if what you're asking is
Man, I I think we could have seen a lot more innovation in and this is just speaking from my personal experience
I think we could have seen a lot more innovation in production equipment a lot faster if the standards were more open and intercompatible
um, you know, every everything from red proprietary media to the
proprietary controller boxes for
Studio lighting equipment there are more standardized ones
But what's funny is a lot of the time they're even more expensive or not open source and free
um
Like dmx comes to mind for controlling uh for controlling lighting. That's like more baller
Um to have that kind of interoperability as opposed to more affordable using, you know commodity hardware
Kind of like what we would what we would imagine the more it open standard to be right
um
Can you think of anything?
Uh, I've been responding. It was locked in proprietary vill and would have been more successful if it had been more open
There's a lot of things that are
vampirically successful due to not being open
Uh, which is unfortunate
Well things would be more successful due to being open
Would we have seen would we have seen
No, there's a lot of games that I I feel like you could talk about about this like I think they
Oh by being more modding friendly
and
Man, the fact that a game developer would look at the industry and the history of gaming and go
You know what fucking sucks mods mods are terrible when gamers mod the fucking game. I hate that
That's a recipe for fucking failure. Can you imagine being that stupid? Yeah, that's pretty brutal. Yeah
What are you talking about?
Players enhancing the experience is
What has kept games alive and relevant for years past their best before date think about it like I
I would argue. I don't know if I would be right. I'm not that in tune with things, but I would argue that we're not exactly in a
Ah
Valorant's doing pretty well actually
Just before valorant. I would say I would argue that we were we're not exactly in a golden age of shooters
Hmm
Sure valorant's kind of popping off though, but valorant's really just like modern counter strike
Like I still don't really think we are and one of my arguments. I think would be the
Departure of dedicated servers
Yeah, because if you think back when like counter strike was so many different experiences
You could play like warcraft versions of counter strike where you would like level up and all this weird like it was
And a lot of the a lot of the innovative game modes that you play in modern shooters like gun game
Gun game was just it's a mod. Yeah, right like yeah
So like uh, yeah, I feel like that's a big part of the reason why is a lot of the modding right now
Is in like the rpg space or the single player space
But dedicated servers used to have very very interesting versions of first person shooter games
And first person shooter games don't have dedicated servers anymore
So we lost this modding support in an indirect way, but it still happened
Yeah, that's a really good point. I didn't really think about that before I feel like that's it
Yeah, kataz is saying I miss starcraft 1 and 2 custom games 100 percent
Original cs was a half-life mod. Yeah, that's a good point
Yeah, well, don't forget original dota 2 was a warcraft 3 mod like a lot of the gaming experiences that we have today are because
Of modded custom games
Oni hi kid jover and float plane says you don't understand linus
If you're still enjoying the old game, you're not going to buy the new one
With all the horse armor
I added the last part
Yeah, I don't know
All right hit me dan. Hi dll sloth here. I used to moderate a lot of subreddits
But recently reddit has started threatening to remove us over the protest. What would you do as reddit ceo?
Um, so I curated this one because I think it's I think it's interesting because there's kind of two ways to read it
It's like what would you do if you were reddit ceo?
or
What would you do better?
If you were actually him
It's tough. See I don't have access to reddit's books. I have no idea how deep in the red
Did they are?
We talked last week kind of about this right like it's very likely that they had to do something like this
But I think they didn't know their audience very well. You should have used their audience a little bit
I mean what they should have done was appealed to their audience exactly and said look
Here's the situation if we want reddit to survive in the form that it is now
We guys want to be able to access all the stuff you can allegedly like then
um, here's what we have to do and while we understand that the particular api
call load of these these these custom apps is
um
Not actually costing, you know this amount exactly
There's a huge opportunity cost to them that we have to make up in order for us to
Go ipo or something
I don't know. That's where it kind of falls apart because well the whole problem is that the whole motivation for it is to go ipo
And the whole reason that you go ipo is to cash out
So they were never going to really be able to appeal to the users
Which I guess is why they decided to just take a more adversarial approach. I'm not really sure thing to me is
The reddit CEO has done an extremely bad job of being an adversary
Why is he losing so hard? This is what I don't get. Yeah, he has the biggest megaphone and on the tallest podium
Doesn't do it like all these subreddits going not safe for work and stuff
Why are you even letting them do that if you're trying to be big adversary guy?
You're just like it feels like he's motivated to look the worst he could possibly look
And just sit in that space for as long as possible
Yeah, it's kind of a funny thing right because it's not like okay
I could see the reddit community behaving kind of like a hydra
You know, oh, yeah, you you chop off one head and it just like they're shockingly coordinated
But a big part of how they coordinate is through reddit so
I could see
The evolution just kind of their of their rebellion happening so fast that reddit would have no way to respond
But it's not no it's pretty slow. It's happening so slowly because his reactions are so slow
And slow. It's it's so it's just weird. I don't know like I don't want people to think I'm I'm on spaz's side
Because I'm absolutely not but it's been just hilarious to watch because I'm like, oh
So the reddit moderators or people or whatever are doing this now
I wonder what spaz is going to do about it and then just crickets for so long
It's like, ah man if he wants to be like no, this is our platform
We run it our way and then he's going to go around and remove certain moderators from certain subreddits and reopen
Certain subreddits and force not safer work certain subreddits
But doesn't do it with all of them and there's no real like logical pattern to how he's approaching any of this
It's just like what
What are you doing? I oh man. I don't know the whole thing is just so weird
So so weird hot take the fact that you have a lot of money does not necessarily mean you were very smart
Yeah, I think this like he's probably I don't know. Yeah
I gotta stay away from like defamation, but things that could get me there think that
Moving on
Howdy ldl the escalating panic in dan's voice during the taiwan show stream crash was hysterical
Question has there ever been an effort will do it live moment at ltt that turned out great
Uh, has there ever been has there ever not been a f*** will do it live moment here? I mean
That's a better way
My my my personal, you know mantra is the show must go on the show must go on the show must go on
So the number of oh my god like here tell you what that's probably what we're actually best at out of like everything
Um, yeah, if I had a superpower it would be to take
Absolute garbage and turn it into something that people might consider watching. I don't always succeed
This tech toys one did not end up performing. Well, okay this
This video I completely pulled out of my butt because we had no video for that week
And I was like i'm gonna go on facebook marketplace. Oh 30 80s are cheap. Okay, sure
um
man
This I pulled out of my butt and massive props to nerav for also pulling it out of his butt. It came out of both of our butts
that
Is sort of an unflattering description of the factory tour the point is we were supposed to go do something else and
It bailed and we just did this instead
um
I literally didn't even know what this was
When I opened it. So yeah, I think that's basically f*** it will do it live when i'm shooting this intro
All I know is it's something
Uh
Oh, yeah, this facebook marketplace adventure is also f*** it will do it live
uh
Oh, man, this is great
Uh, I'm trying to think let me see if I can find something that oh man. This was a hundred percent. Just forget it. We'll do it
Well, I had no idea what I was walking into on this one
I'm making it sound like we don't plan at all. We do we actually plan a lot. This took a lot of plan
Hey, wait, where's the part two of this video?
How the hell have we not released that yet? There's one where we actually like build the thing
I thought you were talking about the amd challenge. Is this the building the one? No, there's that no
There's a second part of this. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah amd challenge
Oh, man, this was one a hundred percent. We'll just do it live the water cooled my bed video
That was awesome. Yeah. Oh, yeah, it did quite well. It was really good. Yeah. Yeah, that was that was a fun one
I actually really enjoyed that
Greetings from belgium when I started college. I chose biotech over it and I questioned that decision ever since
What's the biggest life choice you had to make without knowing what you were doing?
Oh dropping out of school
Me too, but for different reasons. Yeah, that was pretty stupid
Mine on paper was too. Yeah, I mean like no. Yeah, no, obviously mine on paper it ended up working out
But like I could have easily never been promoted at ncix been working as like a sales guy and lost my job when they went under
and then I'm
in my
What when so I'm in my mid 30s and my entire work experience is working as a computer salesman
So basically what I apply at canada computers and I hope that they pay okay
Yeah, that's unfortunate that could have easily been the plan
and like
No, no disrespect to people who work as a computer sales person, but it's um, I think my career trajectory has been more favorable than that
since then so
Like I am glad that I didn't go down with that ship. I did have better backup plans, but mine was still pretty yellow
Is
There any chance that we will get a wan show or introduction video with taren once he's had more time to acclimate to his new role within lmg
Yes
How many new channels do you have in the works now? I know you've got game linked and the react channel
Any others I missed I'd love to speak a spin-off of short circuit for maker stuff like 3d printers
You're going to see an expansion of sort of
individual vertical focused channels like
Focused on power supplies or headphones as the lab spins up their testing
I think at some point in the future
You will see like a more a hyper deep dive labs video channel
I had completely forgotten about the react channel. So there you go. I guess that's where that's at
Uh, game linked is coming soon. That'll be the one that is soonest
And oh man, there was something else that I was going to talk about
Yeah, that's everything that comes to mind right now
I think we're going to be quite focused on more like vertical specific channels
So that we can really focus on products that don't necessarily need to get 2 million views
I think that sometime in the next six months to 18 months, you're going to see the ltt upload cadence change
and that'll be for the first time in
Almost 15 years. That's really funny to me. Every time I see people talk about how we're emphasizing quantity over quality these days
And uploading too many videos the f*** you talking about
The upload cadence actually hasn't changed in a decade and a half. You guys spend more time on individual videos than like ever
Yeah, yeah, so I move to tell you
So yeah, I think that
ltt may end up collapsing under its own weight and our future may be
Many smaller channels that only need to get 100,000 or 150,000 views average instead of
needing to get
a million and a half
three million views
on every video
What made you change your mind on the take can from when you shot the original video featuring it android auto
That was a big one for me. I I liked the car. I can afford the car
It felt a little bit excessive at the time in particular
I don't want a new car, but I don't think I would buy one without an android auto at this point. No, yeah, it's utterly unacceptable
um, also
I was extremely disappointed not just with Porsche's refusal to add android auto to their freaking cars
But with the fact that they were not adding those features to
Previous models it made me feel like this vehicle was not going to be well supported
And I wasn't interested in owning one that wasn't going to get proper software support going forward
So once they once they both
Brought android auto to the take can and back ported that compatibility all the way to 2020 when they originally released the car
I went
Okay, well, that's my favorite electric car. Um, it looks cool. It's fast and stuff. Um, I haven't seen
too many
Complaints about it. I like it. I test drove a lot. Um, I was like, okay, sure
And then how I ended up with the turbo s was basically just down to
um
Like uh, like a favorable deal on a second hand one that was barely driven. Yeah
It's a way to go if you can pull it off
Yeah, like I saved so much that even though it has a bunch of equipment that I wouldn't have otherwise shelled out for
I effectively didn't pay for it. So
Now that some time has passed since youtube removed dislikes, have you noticed any long-term effects?
Uh,
Other than it just being annoying not being able to see the sentiment on a video that I'm looking at no
I mean, I didn't expect that it would affect the joe average viewer. It's just annoying for me the user
Or rather, I didn't expect that it would affect me as a creator
In terms of interacting with my viewers, but yeah, it does it does affect me as a user
Question for luke. What is your favorite programming language and why?
Uh, I actually always really like to see
Oh, that makes me happy. Why that's my favorite too. Oh, that's the only one I know
Um, are you guys having a moment?
The fact that I I now manage web developers is so uh, do you guys need to hug right now?
No, we program in c-linus. Yeah, that means we never hug anyone
Yeah
He knows he knows um favorite favorite things an x employee here said to me is uh, uh, you know
I'm an extroverted, uh, you know programmer or whatever. Um, I look at the other person's shoes
It took me a second, but that's great. Um, I I uh, yeah
I find the fact that I manage a bunch of web developers to be very like
Funny
Because I hated web development when I was in school. It was my least favorite form
Absolutely, and then now it's like oh, okay. That's fine
Next been watching for a decade now and figured it's time. I show a little love
Do you feel like people have gotten more or less tech savvy over time as tech has gotten more advanced but simpler to use
Honestly, this isn't the kind of thing that I get to personally experience that much
Um, but what I have seen is a lot of articles talking about how
Baby boomers tend to be less tech savvy than gen X millennial who tend to be more tech savvy than
Gen Z zoomer
Um, so baby boomers didn't really have technology as they were growing up
Zoomers have a really good technology that works really well
And gen X and millennials had crappy technology that they really needed to work
So they learned a lot of troubleshooting skills. If there's if there's a generalization that you can make I'd say that's pretty fair
Yeah, um, I mean my my kids are finally getting to the age where they should start to you know, learn some basic troubleshooting
And yeah, no, they don't they don't really have to
Or I'm saying like they should in that I would have had to be learning it
Like I had to know how to use the computer better than my parents by the time I was my son's age
But he doesn't need to and I guess part of it too is just having more tech savvy parents
I was just gonna think about it. That might not be true for everyone because he's pretty he's pretty good
Well, he's good at certain things that I don't know actually which is a really good point
Like he can he can freaking command blah blah his minecraft way around things
And I don't know how the crap minecraft works. Yeah
But you know, if I needed if I needed, you know to block a domain for example because I don't want my kids on tiktok
Then obviously he's not gonna have a way around that
Hi DLL Luke with the difficulties getting good internet in places like Australia for float plane servers
Is that is that something that starlink can help with or does that only help people watching?
Uh, it's it's the the problem is routing. So there there is an isp. I don't remember which one
I don't know. Uh, there is an isp in Australia that we have no problems with like at all
There are other isps in Australia that we have tons of problems with tons of problems with
We do delivery for australia through cloudflare
Um, so we are working with cloudflare right now. We have an open ticket with him
Whether it's been so back and forth we're working with cloudflare right now to figure that out
Because we're not doing delivery to
australian viewers of float plane through float plane servers in australia
We are doing delivery to australians through cloudflare
So it is pretty wild to me because delivery everywhere else in the world is pretty good
that uh, there are
australian isps
That can have bad routing to a company that like runs half the world's internet
Um, if you know what I mean by that because that's not that's obviously not true
But like I think you get it. Uh, so yeah, I don't know
We we're working on it if what we end up having to do is have more than one
um
Delivery partner that is like if we if we find
Uh, uh a way to serve better to the other range of australian isps and whatnot
We will do it. We're not going to just leave you stuck in this bad situation forever
But right now we're trying to just work with cloudflare to figure it out because
Yeah, it's annoying
And I apologize. I'm going to give luke another one while line is finishes off those potentials
And we'll try and rapid fire a few more of these. Hi. I'm a developer
I'm curious what kind of stack is being used for labs like the database front end and stuff
Uh database the main one we're using we use more than one but the main one we're using is postgres
The front end is
The front end is react through next and the back end is type script. Hopefully that answers all the things you're looking for
ADLL line has previously said he would not mind to be in south park
What would be the episode what would the episode be about and would he care if they portrayed other employees of lmg?
I suspect some other employees of lmg might not want to be involved
I would obviously love to be included. They can make fun of me. However, they want that'd be hilarious. Um
What episode would it be
I have no idea not a clue. I mean, you know what?
Actually, if there was literally just an episode about some crazy canadian youtuber opening a badminton center would probably be
Yeah, but that would be that wouldn't be a south park episode that has no like deeper sort of right. It needs yeah
Um, I'd say if there was an existing episode
I would love it to be the one where they travel all the way to san francisco to like unplug and replug the giant link sys router
I'd love to be involved in that plot line somehow. That'd be pretty good
Hi ltt question for linus. I got tailgated on my way home today
What is the worst driving you've seen from someone else on the road? Oh my god
I think I've told this story on wancho before
Stop me if you've heard it
But I was at abradeen center mall
Luke knows where this is going
um
and
The car in front of me was turning out of the parking lot. Oh, I do know this story, but keep going. Okay
So there's a pillar here
They take the corner too tight
and
About I don't know man. I maybe like halfway up the car. Maybe not even halfway. They like
Hit they they scrape the pillar
Okay
Now you would think they're in like
I don't want to generalize
But they're in a bmws uv
Okay, so
You would think that they would back up
Maybe get out of the car
Assess the damage find the best way to get out of the situation. Yeah
No, man power through brother. They hit the gas
They scrape they take what would have been one panel that needed to be
Restored repainted
And they run that pole
Down the entire f***ing side of what is probably like an 85 thousand dollar suv
They they they go out to the light they turn away. I never see them
I watch I'm what I'm sitting. I'm behind them watching this whole thing play out
I'm like my my jaw is on in my lap just
Unfathomable actually unfathomable behavior. Oh, yeah, and it it it's it's not
You know, it's it's not like they it was like they hit and run someone else's something or anything
No, there was no victim utterly victimless crime that pole just that structural support just there that
I don't know
I don't know. Do they not care about the money or the the the extra time even the time the car's going to be in the shop
Don't you want your car?
You know
Mine uh
This isn't my most ridiculous story, but it's my most recent one literally last night. I almost got ran over
Um, I was driving
Uh, I'll actually be pretty specific
I was driving up the hill on 200th by like the best buying stuff
And there was this big truck in the lane beside me and just decided to
All the sudden over into my lane and I had to crank the wheel to dodge over to the side
and then just
You you see him like
Realized that I'm there and that I just dodged him and go back into his own lane
I actually have no idea if it was a he or she or whatever. I don't know. I'm just we're generalizing
um
Go back into their own lane
And then kind of like pause for a second and then just foot on the floor
And you know how it's like a lot of lanes there foot on the floor
Whips past me goes all the way way
Wide right to get around everybody blows past people goes the the light is green gets way up in the front
It goes all the way way over to the left. No, it's a no just a big like lifted truck. Got it. Oh
Yeah, I was like a professional driver. No, no, no, no, no got it flies all over the place all this kind of stuff
We get to the the next light past that one and I mean
As per usual, they're just right there because they didn't get away
So I like laid into the horn a little bit when it first happened because I wasn't even sure if they saw me at all
And then when we got up there, I gave them a little like I still see you
I like that passive aggressive move. Yeah, I approve. Yeah
But that was uh, that was fun. Yeah, like would have completely totaled my car because their
Front tire would have gone over my front left fender
And just like dropped right into my engine bay. So that would have sucked
um
But yeah made it
dodged them
Almost had a reason to get a new car, but now I still don't have a reason to get a new car. So I'm okay with that
Are your fixed screwdrivers going to be through tang so they are durable and can be hammered?
um, no
The reason for that is that if we were
Our main goal is to make them available in a wide variety of different handle configurations and shaft thicknesses and shaft lengths
And so we are going to have them be sort of semi modular so we can stock
Components of screwdrivers and then build them to order essentially not quite to order, but we can
Build from our stock of of shafts and handles so you can kind of mix and match them when you when you order
You can get exactly the screwdriver you want and for us to do that
For us to do like a through tang
We wouldn't be able to customize them to that degree
um
unfortunately
Love using the screwdriver every day in my wind tunnel at nasa sick
Given your recent interest in lab grade equipment. What is a lab you would love to visit?
Wherever you are, you should reach out and invite us to check out your wind tunnel at nasa
That'd be awesome. You're shameless. I'm just gonna collect all the nasa people. Yeah, I see
That's so cool. Um, I'm serious by the way
man
Something I haven't
Gone too yet
Honestly, I would kind of rather my engineers go look if that kind of makes sense because I'm not the one who's involved in developing these test procedures
These days anymore, right? Like I it's it's above my pay grade. So
Yeah, I I I would rather ask the engineers what what they want to see
I think that it would be really cool. We oh, you know what we actually had um, I'll go to
Uh
We had dxomark reach out to us and
want to collaborate on like a tour of their place and
Like collaborate on on sharing methodologies with each other and stuff like that. I thought that was super cool. That's awesome
Yeah, so and we'd totally be open to reciprocating as well
If anyone wanted to check out what we're doing, maybe it was for a little bit better setup
We're still
We still have a lot of equipment to get in place
Um, we started off with a really wide scope of the amount of things we wanted to do
We really did. Yeah, and the reality of it is I don't think there was an alternative to that
Yeah, because it would have taken forever
Just based even just based on never mind hiring hiring takes forever
But like lead time of freaking equipment takes forever
We would we would have we would have never gotten to video cards
If we had waited to start video cards until after we had mastered power supplies
And cpus and gpus and headphones and blah blah blah blah blah like it just it just would have never happened
So now we're just gonna go parallel go wide
Yeah, we could
Then some stuff will eventually get over the line and other stuff will take a little longer
And then at least we'll have that some stuff done
Is it worth getting an eight gig card nowadays if you plan on sticking with 1080p for the next few years
Also update on the wooden handle screwdriver
The lower the detail level you play at the less likely you are to run into a vram limitation
And the lower end the gpu you have the less likely you are to be running on ultra settings
With that said there are some ports recently that are well capable of utilizing more than eight gigs of vram
With playable settings. So it all depends on, you know, how much you expect to run games at the maximum settings
I mean, there are cases where an eight gig gpu is substantially cheaper than one with more vram
Sort of except that there are also cases where you can get a gpu with more vram
For the same price or in some cases even less
So if you must buy something brand new current generation, yeah, you kind of have no choice
I guess get an eight gig card or something and don't expect her, you know run at maximum texture quality
But if you're willing to explore other options, there's last gen cards from amd that are particularly good value right now
And we did that video recently where I found that
10 gig
rtx 3080s are just
Killer value right now like I paid about the same as you'd pay for a 40 60 ti for a card that is way faster
Has 20 more vram and still had like 10 months of warranty on it
No, brainer
We got to uh, there isn't that many left, but we do have to crank it out because you got you got 12 minutes
Oh, yeah, okay. Let's try and finish in five and we'll play one game hockey before I go. Nice. Nice. Okay
Hi, mr. Tech tips you read my tech hot take about evs and walkable cities
And I really enjoyed reading discussions about it in the comments. What is your favorite discourse started by you?
You
Warranty discussion
Let's talk about how meaningful a written warranty is yeah, let's do it. I do think you I opened a bunch
Hi, there's also a lot of people that are like no, no, no, no
So I don't know
I don't care we can talk about it. No, we're not talking about okay. I always like to hear l&l work relationship stories
Uh, what are some luke tips for advocating for his team when bringing issues to Linus? I I mean, it's not
There's a lot of ways I could say this that would like misrepresent how it actually goes
I don't think it's actually
Difficult like you you see you watch if you watch a movie and there's like some boss who's like a jerk and refuses to listen
To the like engineer people like that's not what's going on
I have to bring a good enough argument why we can't or won't or shouldn't do something
But if I do so Linus will listen to it. So like
I don't know bring a good enough argument or find a better boss
Or I'll say no, we can't right now and I'll provide a reason
But you have to you have to reach like you have to reach consensus. Yeah
so be open yourself
to
Changing your stance on things based on on whatever you this is a two-way street
And then also make sure that you're working with someone who will do that or try to find gainful employment elsewhere
Did you hear that
Gamers nexus and level one techs want to try to make a standard for rgb and fan control stuff where yeah thoughts good luck
Yeah, I hope it doesn't go the xkcd. Is that it xkcd way? I've referenced that so many times today actually
Yeah, hey, let's make a new stator. There's too many standards. Let's make a standard that unifies them all there are now
One more standards 927. I think I mean the problem
The problem from my point of view is that they need buy-in from the pc hardware industry. That's tough and um
you know
We don't even have standard connectors for like
power buttons
and power leds like we don't even have a standard header for that
rgb is a lot more complex
than like
Putting those pins in the same spot. Can we all just put those pins in the same spot? No
Well, okay, then. Be pretty sweet if we could. Yeah, good luck
Super excited for game linked any plans for retro content in addition to the newest releases
Game linked is it's mostly news
Yep
Um, let's see. Hey lmg crew
I went to a new doctor recently and that day and thereafter I had received constant spam calls
How do you guys feel about doctors or other companies selling your information does ltt?
Of course not. No, we don't
And that is super bs that any doctor anyone else should be able to
And hopefully they get crushed legally
And you want the last potential
Uh, yeah, send it. I have a physical disability that makes my dexterity not the best
But the ltt screwdriver made my building my pc so accessible for me. Thank you
Any other merch you think makes life accessible? I mean, I wouldn't have thought the screwdriver made life particularly accessible
I'm wondering if it's because it's the lack of the back force. That's right. Oh, I can almost guarantee that. Yeah. Oh, that makes sense
Yeah, I just like it. So we made it good. Um, I don't know what else to tell you. Oh, wait
Okay, no, no, this is I'm so sorry. This is totally unrelated to your question
I I actually cannot think of anything but someone else asked about updates on the wooden screwdriver and I didn't respond to that part
Oh
It looks like it might be possible
It's not going to be cheap
We have to we have to do like a metal
Collar for the selector ring and then like
Machine out a wooden like cover for it
Because it has to be metal on the inside. It can't be made of wood. Yeah
Um
This part I think we can machine
Uh, yeah, I think we can do it, but it's going to be really expensive
like this is going to be a premium tool and um
You'll feel dumb for buying it
I'll say that
I
witnessed a certain version of a screwdriver
That nick showed me today
I'm not problem. Whoa
Whoa
I even want to know how much that's going to be like three or four hundred dollars if it ever makes it
I'm surprised. It's that little
Yeah, I don't know. I expect it honestly like way higher. I don't think that'll ever make it. I don't think so either
It's amazing the engineering team. Okay, you know, I might as well tell you guys
You know the stupid 3d printed version of the screwdriver
Okay, well, they did a machined version of a slightly less heavy stupid metal
And they managed to assemble a fully working. Oh, yeah, all metal screwdriver made it. I think it's aluminum and brass
Um, it's kind of amazing
That's probably not going to happen the amount of machine time for that thing is ridiculous and the difficulty compared to
Doing something in wood. I think is going to be very very high
Yes, and it makes no sense. It's going to be so flip and heavy. It was really heavy
It's really heavy and that's the aluminum one the steel one tine and has it as desk the 3d printed one
It's just like it's it's like a weight. He just curls it. It's why he's so huge
Yeah
And this is the huge end of the show. Thank you guys so much for tuning in
We will see you again next week. Same bad time. Same bad channel. Bye
I have no idea how many
How many people watch today?